<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="English" xml:lang="English">
  <head>
    <title>AUTHOR’S NOTE</title>
    <link href="style/style.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body dir="auto">
    <h1>AUTHOR’S NOTE</h1>
    <p>Every forty seconds, someone in the world dies by suicide. Every forty seconds, someone is
left behind to cope with the loss.</p>
    <p>Long before I was born, my great-grandfather died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound. His
oldest child, my grandfather, was just thirteen. No one knew if it was intentional or
accidental—and being from a small town in the South, my grandfather and his mother and
sisters never discussed it. But that death has affected our family for generations.</p>
    <p>Several years ago, a boy I knew and loved killed himself. I was the one who discovered
him. The experience was not something I wanted to talk about, even with the people closest
to me. To this day, many of my family and friends still don’t know much, if anything, about
it. For a long time, it was too painful to even think about, much less talk about, but it is
important to talk about what happened.</p>
    <p>In 
All the Bright Places,
 Finch worries a lot about labels. There is, unfortunately, a good deal
of stigma surrounding suicide and mental illness. When my great-grandfather died, people
gossiped. Although his widow and his three children never spoke about what happened that
day, they felt silently judged and, to some extent, ostracized. I lost my friend to suicide a year
before I lost my father to cancer. They were both ill at the same time, and they died within
fourteen months of each other, but the reaction to their illnesses and deaths could not have
been more different. People rarely bring flowers to a suicide.</p>
    <p>It was only when writing this book that I learned my own label—Survivor After Suicide, or
Survivor of Suicide. Fortunately, there are numerous resources to help me make sense of this
tragic thing that happened and how it affects me, just as there are numerous resources to help
anyone, teen or adult, who is struggling with emotional upheaval, depression, anxiety, mental
instability, or suicidal thoughts.</p>
    <p>Often, mental and emotional illnesses go undiagnosed because the person suffering
symptoms is too ashamed to speak up, or because their loved ones either fail to or choose not
to recognize the signs. According to Mental Health America, an estimated 2.5 million
Americans are known to have bipolar disorder, but the actual number is a good two to three
times higher than that. As many as 80 percent of people with this illness go undiagnosed or
misdiagnosed.</p>
    <p>If you think something is wrong, speak up.</p>
    <p>You are not alone.</p>
    <p>It is not your fault.</p>
    <p>Help is out there.</p>
    <p>SUICIDE PREVENTION</p>
    <p>American Association of Suicidology (AAS)—
suicidology.org
American Foundation for Suicide Prevention (AFSP)—
afsp.org
IM Alive—
imali ve. org</p>
    <p>National Suicide Prevention Lifeline—
suicidepreventionlifeline.org (1-800-273-TALK)</p>
    <h2>DIAGNOSING MENTAL ILLNESS IN TEENS</h2>
    <p>Helpguide—
helpguide. org</p>
    <p>Mental Health America (MHA)—
mentalhealthamerica.net
National Alliance on Mental Illness (NAMI)—
nami.org
National Institute of Mental Health (NIMH)—
nimh.nih.gov
Teen Mental Health—
teenmentalhealth.org</p>
    <h2>SURVIVORS</h2>
    <p>Mayo Clinic—
mayoclinic.com/health/suicide/MH00048</p>
    <p>SOS: A Handbook for Survivors of Suicide
 by Jeffrey Jackson (published by AAS)— available
online, along with other helpful resources, at 
www.suicidology.org/suicide-survivors/
suicide-loss-survivors</p>
    <h2>BULLYING</h2>
    <p>Stomp Out Bullying—
stompoutbullying.org
StopBullying—
stopbullying. gov</p>
    <h2>ABUSE</h2>
    <p>Childhelp—
childhelpusa. org</p>
    <p>National Child Abuse Hotline—1-800-4-A-CHILD (1-800-422-4453)</p>
  </body>
</html>
