<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="English" xml:lang="English">
  <head>
    <title>I write:  Reason for not jumping: Too messy. Too public. Too crowded.</title>
    <link href="style/style.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body dir="auto">
    <h1>I write: 
Reason for not jumping: Too messy. Too public. Too crowded.</h1>
    <p>I switch off Google and hop onto Facebook. I find Amanda Monk’s page because she’s
friends with everyone, even the people she’s not friends with, and I pull up her friend list,
typing in “Violet.”</p>
    <p>Just like that, there she is. I click on her photo and there she is, even bigger, wearing the
same smile she gave me earlier. You have to be her friend to read her profile and view the
rest of her pictures. I sit staring at the screen, suddenly desperate to know more. Who is this
Violet Markey? I try a Google search, because maybe there’s a secret back entrance to her
Facebook page, one that requires a special knock or a three-digit code, something easily
figured out.</p>
    <p>What I pull up instead is a site called EleanorandViolet.com, which lists Violet Markey as
cocreator/editor/writer. It’s got all the usual boys-and-beauty-type blog posts, the most recent
from April 3 of last year. The other thing I pull up is a news article.</p>
  </body>
</html>
