<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>It&amp;#8217;s Kind of a Funny Story</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
<link href="page_styles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>
  <body class="calibre">
<div class="calibre1">
<p id="filepos696776" class="calibre16"><span class="calibre17"><span class="bold"><a href=".html_split_003#filepos10654">forty-three</a></span></span></p><div class="calibre18"> </div>
<p class="calibre10"><span class="calibre3">This is your last full day at the hospital, is what I think when I get up—no one’s taking my blood today (it’s only happened once since Sunday) so I don’t get up super-early, but I’m still the first one in the halls. I take my shower and think about how much life would suck if hot water didn’t come out of the show-erhead when you wanted. I’ve tried to take cold showers and they’re wonderful when they’re over, but during the process they feel like some form of animal torture. But then again, that’s the point—when you take a cold shower you’re supposed to get in and out as fast as possible; that’s why they do it in the army.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">That’s right! Want to take a shot, soldier?</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">I don’t think so. Sir.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">C’mon, what’s the matter with you? You got a lot going for you; you don’t want to keep it going?</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">I need a cold shower to keep things going?</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">That’s right. Less time in the shower, more in the battlefield.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">Fine.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I can do this. I reach out and twist the temperature knob slowly to the left, then decide that I’m never going to get it done gradually so I’ll have to do it like a Band-Aid—I jerk it over. The water goes from toasty warm to frigid so quickly that it feels like it burns me. I bend my groin out of its path but I know that’s cheating, so I stick it back in as I furiously lather myself. Leg: up! Down! Other leg: up! Down! Crotch: uh, scrub scrub scrub. Chest: wipe. Arm: down! Back! Other arm: down! Back! Neck, face, turn around, wash your butt, and I’m out! Straight to the towel. I wrap it around myself and shiver.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I’m so desperate to put my clothes on that my socks stick to my wet feet. I go out to talk with Smitty.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You okay?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“First cold shower.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Of the day?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Of my life.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah, that’ll knock ya.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What’s the news?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Smitty holds up his paper. It seems that a new candidate is running for Mayor of New York promising to give everyone who votes for him a lap dance. He’s a multibillionaire, and at $100 per lap dance, he thinks he can lock up the vote. A lot of women are supporting him.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“That’s crazy.” I shiver. “It’s like . . . Who’s out there and who’s in here, you know?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Absolutely. Better music in here, though.” Smitty turns up the radio.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“By the way, that’s a question I have—can I play some music on the hall tonight? At the other end?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What kind?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“There’s no words, don’t worry, nothing offensive. It’s something one of the people on the hall will like. Like a gift.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’ll have to see it first.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Okay. And you know I’m bringing that <span class="italic">Blade ? movie tonight to watch with the group.”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You think about that a minute. You’re bringing a vampire movie onto a floor full of psych patients.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“They can handle it.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m not gonna get any nightmares?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Promise.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Nightmares are a big problem in my job, Craig.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Understood.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Smitty sighs, puts his paper down, and gets up. “You want me to do your vitals?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">He straps me in on the chair, pumps me up, and puts his soft fingertips on my wrist. Today I’m 120/70. First day I haven’t been perfect.</span></p>
</div>  <div class="mbppagebreak" id="calibre_pb_55"></div></body></html>
