<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>It&amp;#8217;s Kind of a Funny Story</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
<link href="page_styles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>
  <body class="calibre">
<p class="calibre20"></p>
<p id="filepos138093" class="calibre16"><span class="calibre17"><span class="bold"><a href=".html_split_003#filepos4466">nine</a></span></span></p><div class="calibre18"> </div>
<p class="calibre10"><span class="calibre3">Aaron and Nia talked on the couch. I took my thermos of scotch—just to have something in my hand; I didn’t open it—and watched how they moved, swaying toward and away from each other in increments that I doubt they even recognized. They stopped becoming people in my eyes; they morphed right into male and female sex organs on a collision course.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What’s going on, son?” Ronny asked. Ronny hadn’t gotten his first piece of jewelry yet; he was in like a larval state. “You enjoying yourself?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I was enjoying everything but Aaron and Nia. And the scotch. I wanted him to think I was enjoying the scotch, at least.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Do you like this stuff?” I asked, opening my thermos.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What is it?” He sniffed. “Yeah, dude, that’s hard core. You gotta sip it.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I put it to my lips. I didn’t even take any in, just let it filter against me and felt how hot it was. It was cutting, evil, and bitter-smelling—</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Ronny shoved the thermos at my mouth.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Sip it!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Dude!” I backed off as scotch splashed on my shirt; it felt lighter, slicker, and warmer than water. “You’re such a dick!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Pause!” He ran across the room and punched this kid Asen, told him he’d had sex with his mom, and threw a pillow at Aaron and Nia, who were now attached by the lips on the couch.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I wasn’t that mad that it was happening. I was just mad that I’d missed <span class="italic">how</span> it happened. I hadn’t seen him lean in, or her; I wanted to know for the future, for some girl who wasn’t as desirable. But now at least I got a show; I got to see how Aaron moved his hands. He put his right hand on her face over and over, gently, while his left slid around her side and gripped the small of her back more firmly. His hands were playing good-cop-bad-cop.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">There was still some scotch in the thermos. I drank from it. The taste didn’t bother me since Ronny’s shove.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I didn’t know you drank, Craig!” a voice was like behind me. Julie, who always wore sweatpants that said <span class="italic">Nice Try</span> in an arc on her butt cheeks, clanked a beer against my thermos.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I don’t, really,” I was like.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I thought you’d be busy studying. I heard you got into the school. What are you going to do now?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Go there.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No, I mean with your <span class="italic">time.”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I shrugged. “I’ll work hard at school, get good grades, go to a good college, get a good job.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It was crazy how much you studied. You always had those cards.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I looked at the scotch. My esophagus was scorched, but I took more.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Did you see Aaron and Nia making out? They’re so cute!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“They’re making <span class="italic">out?”</span> I was shocked.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah, haven’t you seen?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I saw them <span class="italic">hooking up,”</span> I explained, looking out the kitchen at them. “I didn’t think they were <span class="italic">having sex.”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“They’re not!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I thought making out was having sex.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Jeez, Craig, no. Making out is making out.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Is that the same as hooking up?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Well, hooking up can mean having sex. You got confused.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Aaron and Nia were fully occupied now. One of his hands was hidden, exploring magical beige places.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You should put it on one of your cards.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Heh.” I smiled.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Julie took a step toward me. “I really want to make out with somebody right now.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Oh, cool.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’ve been looking and looking for someone.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Um…” I eyed her. Her short blond hair framed a face that was a little wide at the bottom, and toothy, and somewhat red all around. I didn’t want to hook up with her or make out with her or whatever. The person I wanted was ten feet away. This would be my first kiss, <span class="italic">if</span> she were offering me. Girls loved to say that they wanted to hook up with “someone” when it was anyone but you. Julie tilted her head up, though, with her eyes closed. I looked at her lips, trying to make myself kiss them, but stopped. For my first kiss, I didn’t want to settle. Julie opened her eyes.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Are you okay, man?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah, yeah, I just . . .” Whew. <span class="italic">I’m drunk and stoned, Julie. Give me a break.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It’s okay.” She left the room, and soon after, the party. I had hurt her feelings, I found out later; I didn’t know I had that power.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I wandered over to the laptop that was supplying the music to the stereo. Next to it was Aaron’s father’s record collection, shelved in the bookshelf, of old vinyl records. I suddenly needed some discrete information to put in my brain, to push out what was there, so I pulled a record out.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">Led Zeppelin III.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">It was big—as big as the laptop—and the cover was a spiral of images: male heads with lots of hair, rainbows, blimps (I guessed those were the Zeppelins), flowers, teeth. The edge of the record stuck out a bit, like a tab on a five-subject notebook, and I grabbed it experimentally. It turned, and when it turned, the whole circle turned inside, and the images that showed through the little holes changed: rainbows into stars, blimps into planes, flowers into dragonflies. It was frickin’<span class="italic">awesome.</span> One of the symbols that popped up looked just like the levels of Q-Bert, one of the best old video games—I didn’t realize Led Zeppelin had invented Q-Bert!</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I looked up—Aaron and Nia were still at it. Now he had his hand in her hair and he was pulling her toward him like a gas mask. I held the album up to hide their heads. Heh.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I dropped the album. Aaron and Nia. I held it up. More images. It was like they were part of it.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">The house filled up. People began getting in line to go into one of Aaron’s book-filled closets. They weren’t <span class="italic">making out</span> or anything—a kid named John had announced that he had sprayed pepper spray in there and people were going in to see if they could handle it. Boys and a few girls stumbled out going “Aggg, my eyes!” and tearing, and running for water, but that didn’t stop the ones lined up after them. It seemed like everyone at the party went except me.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I looked at more albums, like the Beatles’ <span class="italic">White Album</span>, which I never knew was actually white, and each time I looked up, Aaron and Nia were in a deeper state of entanglement. Suddenly I got really sleepy and warm, from the scotch I guess, and leaned against the album stack, just trying to rest my eyes for a minute. When I woke up I looked instinctively for Aaron and Nia; they had disappeared. I craned from behind my resting spot and looked at the clock above the TV; somehow it was 2:07 A.M.</span></p>
<div class="mbppagebreak" id="calibre_pb_14"></div></body></html>
