<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>It&amp;#8217;s Kind of a Funny Story</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
<link href="page_styles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>
  <body class="calibre">
<div class="calibre1">
<p id="filepos110706" class="calibre16"><span class="calibre17"><span class="bold"><a href=".html_split_003#filepos4314">eight</a></span></span></p><div class="calibre18"> </div>
<p class="calibre10"><span class="calibre3">“What <span class="italic">up,</span> son? Did you get in?!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">“Allriiiiiiiight! “</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">“Hoooooooo</span>—<span class="italic">ee</span>!<span class="italic"></span> “</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">“Biyatch!”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“That’s right!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“But you studied. I didn’t study at all,” he was like.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“True. I should feel lucky to talk to you. You’re kind of like Hercules.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah, cleaning the stables. I’m having a party.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“When? Tonight?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yup. My parents are away. I have the whole house. You’re coming, right?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“A real party? Without a cake?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Absolutely.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Sure!” I was in eighth grade and I had gotten into high school and I was going to a party? I was set for life!</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Can you bring any booze?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Like drinks?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Craig, c’mon. Yes. Can you bring?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I don’t have ID.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Craig, <span class="italic">none</span> of us have ID! I mean, can you take some off your parents?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I don’t think they have any …” But I knew that wasn’t true.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“They have <span class="italic">something.”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I held my hand over my cell so Mom wouldn’t hear. “Scotch. They have a bottle of scotch.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What kind?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Jeez, dude, I don’t know.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Well, bring it. Can you call any girls?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I had been in my room studying for a year. “No.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“That’s all right, I’ll bring the girls. You want to at least help me set up?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Sure!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Get over here.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m going to Aaron’s house!” I announced to Mom, flipping my phone shut. I still had the welcome packet in my hand; I gave it to her to put in my room.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What are you going to do over there?” she asked, beaming at the packet, then at me.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Um . . . sleep over.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Are you going to celebrate? Because you should celebrate.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Heh. Yeah.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Craig, I’m being honest, I’ve never seen someone work as hard as you did getting into this school. You deserve a little break and you deserve to feel proud of yourself. You’re gifted, and the world is taking notice. This is the first step in an amazing journey—”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Okay, Mom, please.” I hugged her.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I grabbed my coat and sat at the kitchen table, pretending to text on the phone. When Mom left the room, I invaded the cabinet above the sink, took out the one bottle of scotch (Glenlivet), and fetched from the back of the cupboard the thermos that I used to use for grade-school lunches. That would seem really cool at the party. I poured some scotch in and I put a little water back in the scotch, in case they checked levels, and stuffed the thermos in my big jacket pocket before leaving the house and calling back to Mom that I would call her later.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I took the subway to Aaron’s without a book to study on my lap—first time in a year. At his stop, I bounded up the stairs into the gray streets, slipped into his building, nodded to the doorman to call up, and squished my thumb on the elevator button, giving it a twist and some flair. At the sixteenth floor was Aaron, holding his front door open, rap music about killing people on in the background, holding his metal cigarette out for me.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Smoke. Celebrate.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I stopped.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“If anytime’s the time, it’s now.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I nodded.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Come in, I’ll show you.” Aaron brought me into his house and sat me on his couch and demonstrated how to hold the cigarette so the metal wouldn’t burn me. He explained how you have to take the smoke into your lungs, not your stomach— “Don’t swallow it, Craig, that’s how hits get lost"— and how to let it go as slowly as you could through your mouth or nose. The key was to hold it in as long as possible. But you didn’t want to hold it <span class="italic">too long.</span> Then you <span class="italic">coughed.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“How do I light it?” I asked.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’ll light it for you,” Aaron was like. He knelt in front of me on the couch—I took a look at his living room, fenced in with floor-to-ceiling bookshelves, filled up with a coffee table, a tall fluted ash tray, a porcelain dog, and a small electric piano— trying to remember how it all looked in case it changed later. The only thing I had done that people said was <span class="italic">kind of</span> like smoking pot was go really hard on the swings, and Aaron had told me that anyone who said that was probably high when they were on the swings.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">The butane flame went up.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I sucked in on the metal cigarette as if a doctor were telling me to.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">My mouth filled up with the taste that I knew so well from Aaron’s room—a chemical taste, buzzy and light. I looked him in the eyes with my cheeks puffed out. He clipped the flame, smiling.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Not in your cheeks!” he said. “You look like Dizzy Gillespie! In your lungs! Put it in your lungs.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I worked with new muscles. The smoke in me felt like a blob of clay.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“That’s it, hold it, hold it. . .”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">My eyes started watering, getting hot.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Hold it. Hold it. You want more?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I shook my head, terrified. Aaron laughed.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Okay. Dude, you’re good. You’re good, dude!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">Pfffffffffflt.</span> I blew it all in Aaron’s face.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Jesus! Man, that was <span class="italic">big</span>!<span class="italic">”</span> Aaron swatted at the cloud that came out of me. “You sure you haven’t done this before?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I panted, breathing in air that still had the smoke in it. “What’s going to happen?” I asked.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Probably nothing.” Aaron stood up, took his cigarette back, put it in the stand-up ash tray. Then he reached down with his hand out—I expected a handshake, but he pulled me off the couch. <span class="italic">“Congratulations.“</span>
</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">We hugged, mouth to ear. It was a guy hug, complete with slapping. I leaned back and smiled at him as I clasped his arms.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You too, man. It’s going to be great.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m-a tell you what’s going to be great: this <span class="italic">party,”</span> Aaron said, and he began pacing, counting on his fingers. “I need for you to go and get some seltzer, for spritzers. Also we gotta put away all of my dad’s books and writing so it doesn’t get damaged. Also, call this girl; her dad threatened to call the cops if I called again; say you’re with Greenpeace.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m not going to remember this; hold on,” I said, taking an index card from Aaron’s coffee table. I was numbering it with a Sharpie, from one, when the weed hit me.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Whoa. Wow.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Uh-oh,” Aaron said. He looked up.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">“Whoa.”</span>“You feeling it?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Is my brain falling out of my head? I thought.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I looked down at the index card that said <span class="italic">1)get seltzer,</span> and <span class="italic">1) get seltzer</span> twisted back, as if it had decided to fall off the card. I looked up at Aaron’s bookshelves and they looked the same, but as I turned, they moved in frames. It wasn’t like the slowness that came from being underwater; it was like I was under air—thick and heavy air that had decided to follow me. For being <span class="italic">high,</span> it felt pretty heavy.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You feeling it?” Aaron repeated.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I looked at his stand-up ashtray, filled with crumpled cigarettes and the one clear, shining metal cigarette.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It’s like the king of the cigarette butts!” I said.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Oh, boy,” Aaron was like. “Craig. Are you going to be able to do the stuff for the party?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Was I? I was able to do <span class="italic">anything.</span> Here I was making clever statements like “king of the cigarette butts"; if I went outside, there was no <span class="italic">telling</span> what I would be capable of.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What’s first?” I asked.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Aaron gave me a few bucks to get the seltzer, but just as I was opening the door to go out into the world, his buzzer rang.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It’s Nia,” Aaron said, leaping to the closed-circuit phone in his kitchen, which was full of grapefruits and dark wood cabinets.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">“She’s</span> coming?” I asked.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Nia was in our class; she was half Chinese and half Jewish; she dressed well. Every day she came in with something different—a chain of SpongeBob Burger King toys strung around her neck; one asymmetrical, giant, red-plastic hoop earring; black clown circles on her cheeks. I think her accessories were a courtesy meant to distract from her small, lucrative body and baby-doll face. If she let it all go natural, if she just let her hair swing down the way it would have if she’d grown up in a field with the wind, she’d make all us boys explode.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Nia’s pretty hot, huh,” Aaron said, hanging up the phone.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“She’s okay.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">We sat watching the door like we were waiting for the mama bird to bring us food. She knocked.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">“Heyyyy,”</span> Aaron called, beating me.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Hi!” I said. We rushed to the doorknob; Aaron gave a look, pulled it toward him, and there she was—in a green dress with a rainbow of fuzzy anklets on one leg. Her eyes were so big and dark that she seemed even more tiny and spindly, on high-heeled shoes that threw her forward at us and made her dress outline her little breasts.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Boys,” she said. “I think someone has been smoking pah-aht.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No way,” Aaron said.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“My friends are coming. When’s the party start-ing?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Five minutes ago,” Aaron said. “You want to play Scrabble?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Scrabble!” Nia put her bag down—it was shaped like a hippo. “Who plays Scrabble?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Well, I do, duh, and Craig does, too"—I didn’t, actually—"and we’re some smart guys, seeing as we got in.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I <span class="italic">heard</span>!<span class="italic">”</span> Nia grabbed her hippo bag and hit Aaron with it. “I did too!” As an afterthought, she hit me. “Congratulations!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Group hug!” Aaron announced, and we got together, a tiered threesome—Nia’s head came up to my chin; my head came up to Aaron’s chin. I put my hand around Nia’s waist and felt her warmth and how narrow she was. Her palm curled around my shoulder. We pushed our torsos together in a sort of ballet. I could feel Nia’s breath between us. I turned to look—</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Scrabble,” Aaron said. He went across the living room, took it out of one of the bookshelves. He put it on the floor and we sat, Aaron between me and Nia, the ashtray taking up the fourth spot.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“House rules,” Aaron said as he flipped over the tiles. “If you don’t have any words to put on the board, you can make a word up, as long as you have an actual definition for that word in your head. If your definition makes the other people laugh, you get the points, but otherwise, you <span class="italic">lose</span> that many points.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“We can make up words?” I asked. This was brimming with possibilities. I could make up <span class="italic">Niaed</span>—what happens when Nia touches you, you get <span class="italic">Niaed.</span> That would make her laugh. Or not.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What about Chinese words?” Nia asked.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You have to know what they mean and be able to explain them.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Oh. <span class="italic">That</span> shouldn’t be a problem.” She smiled wickedly.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Who’s going first?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Can we smoke?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“So demanding.” Aaron gave her the metal cigarette—I said no this time; I’d had enough.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">For her first word, Nia put down M-U-W-L-I.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What is that?” I asked.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Chinese word.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What’s it mean?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Uh, cat.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“That’s ridiculous. How do we know if <span class="italic">muwli</span> is real?” I turned to Aaron.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">He shrugged. “Benefit of the doubt?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Nia stuck out her tongue at me and <span class="italic">damn</span> it was a cute tongue. Is that a ring? I thought. Can’t be. Wait—it’s gone.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I <span class="italic">swear.”</span> she said. ‘"Come here, little <span class="italic">muwli!’</span> See?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m checking you on your next one,” I said.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“The Internet’s over there.” Aaron was like.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“But while you’re gone, we’re going to give you all consonants.” Nia smiled.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Is it my go?” I put down M-O-P off M-U-W-L-I. Ten points.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Aaron put down S-M-A-P off M-O-P. “That’s a cross between a smack and a slap. Like, ‘I’m-a <span class="italic">smap</span> you.’”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Nia laughed and laughed. I chuckled even though I didn’t want to. Aaron got the points.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Nia put down T-R-I-I-L.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What is that?” I asked.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It’s a trill, you know, like a trill on the flute, except the first L is lowercase and the second is uppercase!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“That’s not trill, that’s ‘tree-eel’!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Okay, fine.” She switched the letters. Now it said T-R-I-L-I.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Trill-ee! What is a trilhee?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“An unmentionable act.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Aaron laughed so hard that he just <span class="italic">had</span> to ease his body into Nia’s, leaning on her shoulder. She pushed back, tilting her flank into him.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I saw where this was going. I made eye contact with Nia and here’s what her eyes said:</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">Craig, we’re all headed to the same school. I’m going to need a boyfriend going in, to give me some stability, a little bit of backup, you know? Nothing serious. You’re cool, but you’re not as cool as Aaron. He has pot and he’s so much more laid back than you; you spent the last year studying for this test; he didn’t lift a finger for it. That means he’s smarter than you. Not that you’re not smart, but intelligence is very important in a guy</span>—<span class="italic">it really is the most important thing, up there with sense of humor. And he has a better sense of humor than you, too. It doesn’t hurt that he’s taller. So I’ll be your friend, but right now let’s let this develop. And don’t be jealous. That would be a waste of everybody’s time.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">We kept playing. Aaron and Nia moved closer until their knees touched, and I could only imagine the energy that was going through those knees. I thought maybe they were going to lean in for a first kiss (or a second? No, Aaron would have told me) right in front of me, when the buzzer rang again.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">It was Nia’s friend Cookie. She had brought bottles of beer. We took ten minutes to open them, eventually hitting them against Aaron’s kitchen countertop edge, to work the tops off. Then Nia said Cookie should’ve gotten twist-offs, and she asked what twist-offs were, and we all laughed. Cookie had blond hair and glitter all over her neck. She hadn’t gotten into Executive Pre-Professional, but that was okay because she was going to high school in Canada. The guy down at the local bodega let her buy beer if she leaned over the counter—she had developed early and had the kind of massive alluring breasts that moved in reverse rhythm when she walked.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">We put Scrabble away—nobody won. The rap music seemed to be hooked up to some sort of Internet-capable playlist and kept going, never repeating, as more and more guests arrived. There was Anna—she was on Ritalin and snorted it off her little cosmetic mirror before tests; Paul—he was nationally ranked in <span class="italic">Halo 2</span> and trained five hours a day with his “team” in Seattle (he was going to put it on his college applications); Mika—his dad was a higher-up in the Taxi and Limousine Commission and he had some sort of badge that allowed him to get free cab rides anywhere, anytime. People started showing up who I had no idea who they were, like a stocky white kid in an Eight Ball jacket, which he announced, coming in, was so popular back in the ‘90s that you would get knived just for having it and <span class="italic">nobody</span> had vintage like <span class="italic">him.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Inexplicably, someone came in a Batman mask. His name was Race.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">A short, pugnacious, mustached kid named Ronny came with a backpack full of pot and set up shop in the living room.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">A girl with hemp bracelets in different subtle shades proclaimed that we <span class="italic">had</span> to listen to Sublime’s <span class="italic">40oz to Freedom,</span> and when Aaron refused to put it on, she started gyrating and put what she claimed was a Devil curse on him, saying, <span class="italic">“Diablo Tantunka”</span> and pointing her fingers in mock horns: <span class="italic">“Fffffffft! Fffffffft!”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I smoked more pot. The party was like a movie— it should have <span class="italic">been</span> a movie. It was the best movie I’d ever seen—where else did you get shattering glasses, a kid trying to break-dance in the living room, a dictionary being thrown at a roach, a kid holding his head in the freezer and saying it could get you high, orange vomit spread out in a semicircle in the kitchen sink, people yelling out the windows that “school sucks,” rap music declaring “I want to drink beers and smoke some shit,” and one poor soul snorting a Pixie Stik, then hacking purple dust into the toilet… ? Nowhere.</span></p>
<div class="mbppagebreak" id="calibre_pb_13"></div></div>  </body></html>
