<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>It&amp;#8217;s Kind of a Funny Story</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
<link href="page_styles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>
  <body class="calibre">
<div class="calibre1">
<p id="filepos337418" class="calibre16"><span class="calibre17"><span class="bold"><a href=".html_split_003#filepos6368">nineteen</a></span></span></p><div class="calibre18"> </div>
<p class="calibre10"><span class="calibre3">“Come this way, we’re going to take your vitals,” Smitty says, seating me in the small office. He takes my blood pressure off a rolling cart and my pulse with delicate fingers. He writes down on a sheet in front of him: <span class="italic">120/80.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“One-twenty-over-eighty, that’s dead normal, isn’t it?” I ask.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah.” Smitty smiles. “But we prefer live normals.” He wraps up the blood pressure gauge. “Stay right here, we’ll send a nurse in to talk to you.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“A nurse? What are <span class="italic">you?”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m one of the daytime directors on the floor.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“And what is this floor, exactly … ?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It’s a short-term facility for adult psychiatric.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“So like, a mental ward?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Not a ward, a hospital. Nurse’ll answer any questions.” He steps out of the office, leaving me with a form: name, address, Social Security number. Then—wait—I’ve seen this before! It’s the questions from Dr. Barney’s office:</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">Feeling that you are unable to cope with daily life. 1) Never, 2) Some days,</span> 3) <span class="italic">Nearly every day, 4) All the time.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">What the hell, I’m in the hospital; I put 4’s down the line—there are about twenty prompts—except for the lines about self-mutilation, drinking, and drug use (I am <span class="italic">not</span> putting anything about pot, that’s just the rule, told to me by Aaron—you don’t ever, <span class="italic">ever</span> admit to smoking pot, not to doctors, not to teachers, not to anyone in authority no matter how much you trust them; they can always report you to the FBI Pot-Smoking List). As I’m getting done, a squat black nurse with a kind wide smile and tightly braided hair steps in. She introduces herself with a thick West Indian accent.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Craig, I am Monica, a nurse on the floor here. I am going to ask you a couple of questions about what you’re feeling and find out how to help you.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah, uh . . .” It’s time to state my case. “I came in because I was really freaked out, you know, and I checked in downstairs, but I wasn’t totally sure where I was going, and now that I’m here, I don’t know if I really—”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Hold on, honey, let me show you something.” Nurse Monica stands over me, although she’s so short that we’re almost the same height, and pulls out a photocopy of the form my mom signed downstairs only an hour before.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You see that there? That signature says that you have been voluntarily admitted to psychiatric care at Argenon Hospital, yes?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah . . .”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“And see? It says that you will be discharged at the discretion of the doctor once he has come up with your discharge <span class="italic">plan.”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m not getting out of here until a doctor <span class="italic">lets</span> me out?!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Now, wait.” She sits. “If you feel that this is <span class="italic">not</span> the place for you, after five days you can write a letter—we call it the Five-Day Letter—explaining why you feel that you do <span class="italic">not</span> belong here, and we will review that and allow you to leave if you qualify.” She smiles.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“So I’m here for at least <span class="italic">five days?”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Sometimes people are just here for two. Definitely not more than thirty.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">Ho-boy.</span> Well, not much to say about it. That <span class="italic">is</span> my mom’s signature. I sit back in my chair. This morning I was a pretty functional teenager. Now I’m a mental patient. But you know, I wasn’t that functional. Is this better? No, this is worse. This is a <span class="italic">lot</span>—</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Let’s talk about how you came to be here,” Monica prompts.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I give her the rap.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“When was the last time you were hospitalized?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Like, four years ago. I was in a sledding accident.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“So you’ve never been hospitalized for mental difficulties before.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Uh, nope.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Good. Now I want you to look at this chart. Do you see here?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">There’s a little scale of 0-10 on a sheet in front of her.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“This is the chart of physical pain. I want you to tell me, right now, from a scale of zero to ten, are you experiencing any physical pain?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I look closer at the sheet. Below the zero it says <span class="italic">no pain</span> and below the ten it says <span class="italic">unbearable excruciating pain.</span> I have to bite my tongue.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Zero,” I manage.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“All right, now, here’s a very important question"—she leans in—"did you actually try to do anything to hurt yourself before you came here?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I sense that this <span class="italic">is</span> an important question. It might be the kind of question that determines whether I get a normal room with a TV or a special room with straps.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No,” I enunciate.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You didn’t take anything? You didn’t try for the <span class="italic">good sleep?”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m sorry?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“The good sleep, you know? That’s what they call it. When you take many pills and drink alcohol and . ..”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Ah, no,” I say.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Well, that’s good,” she says. “We don’t want to lose you. Think of your talents. Think of all the tools you have. From your hands to your feet.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I do think about them. I think about my hands signing forms and my feet running, flexing up and down, as I sprint to some class I’m late for. I am good at certain things.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“So right now we are getting ready for lunch,” Monica says. “Are you a Christian?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Uh, yes.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Are you vegetarian?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“So no specific diet restrictions, good. I need you to read these rules.” She drops four sheets of paper in front of me. “They’re about conduct on the floor.” My eye falls on <span class="italic">6) Patients are expected to remain clean-shaven. Shaving will be supervised by an attendant every day after breakfast.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I am not sure if you notice, but do you see what that first item is on the list?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Uh … ‘No cell phones on the floor’?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“That’s right. Do you have one?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I feel it in my pocket. I don’t want to lose it. It’s one of the only things that’s making me me right now. Without my cell phone, who will I be? I won’t have any friends because I don’t have their numbers memorized. I’ll barely have a family since I don’t know their cell phone numbers, just their home line. I’ll be like an animal.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Please give it here,” Monica says. “We will keep it in your locker until your discharge, or you can have visitors take care of it.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I put it on the table.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Please turn it off.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I flip it open—two new voice mails, <span class="italic">who are they?</span>—and hold END. <span class="italic">Bye-bye, little phone.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Now, this is very important; do you have anything sharp on your person?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“My keys?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Same as the phone. We keep those.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I plop them in a heap on the table; Monica sweeps them into a tray like an airport security worker.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Wonderful—do you have anything else you can think of?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">Monica, I’m down to my wallet and the clothes on my back.</span> I shake my head.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Great, now hold on.” She gets up. “We’re going to have Bobby give you a tour.” Monica nods at me, keeps my charts, leaves me to review the papers, and goes into the hall. She returns a minute later with a gaunt, hollow man with big circles under his eyes and a nose that looks like it’s been broken in about three places. In contrast to floor policy, scruff lines his chin. He’s older but still has all his hair, a stately gray mop, combed half-heartedly. And he carries himself a little weird, leaning back as if he were on a headrest.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Jesus, you’re a kid!” he says, curling his mouth. He reaches out a hand for me and his hand comes out sort of sideways, thumb crooked up.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m Bobby,” he says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">His sweatshirt has Marvin the Martian on it and says WORLD DOMINATOR.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Craig.” I stand up.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">He nods, and his Adam’s apple, which has some extra gray whiskers on it, bobs. “You ready for the grand tour?”</span></p>
</div>  <div class="mbppagebreak" id="calibre_pb_27"></div></body></html>
