<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>It&amp;#8217;s Kind of a Funny Story</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
<link href="page_styles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>
  <body class="calibre">
<div class="calibre1">
<p id="filepos725343" class="calibre16"><span class="calibre17"><span class="bold"><a href=".html_split_003#filepos10969">forty-five</a></span></span></p><div class="calibre18"> </div>
<p class="calibre10"><span class="calibre3">“Visitor, Craig,” Smitty pokes his head into the dining room. I slide my chair back from the table, where I’m playing after-lunch poker with Jimmy and Noelle and Armelio. Jimmy doesn’t really have any idea how to play, but we deal him cards and he plays them face down and smiles and we give him more chips (we’re using scraps of paper; the buttons are locked up due to our recklessness) whenever he pockets his or chews them up.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’ll be back,” I say.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“This guy, so busy,” says Armelio.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“He thinks he’s all important,” Noelle says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I woke up, and the bed was on <span class="italic">fire!”</span> says Jimmy.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">We all look at him. “You okay, Jimmy?” I ask.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“My mom hit me in the head. She hit me in the head with a <span class="italic">hammer.”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Oh, wow.” I turn to Armelio. “I heard him say stuff like this down in the ER. Has he talked about this before?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No, <span class="italic">nuh-uh,</span> buddy.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Hey, Jimmy, it’s okay.” I put my hand on his shoulder. At the same time, I bite my tongue. You can think someone’s hilarious and want to help them at the same time.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“She hit me in the <span class="italic">head,”</span> he says. “With a <span class="italic">hammer!”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah, but you’re here now,” Noelle says. “You’re safe. Nobody’s going to hit you in the head with anything.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Jimmy nods. I keep my hand on his shoulder. I keep my tongue bit down, but I make little chuffing noises as I try to keep from laughing, and he looks up and notices. He smiles at me, then laughs himself, then picks his cards up and claps my back.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It’ll <span class="italic">come</span> to ya,” he says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“That’s right. I know it will.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I excuse myself from the room and head down the hall. Right at the end is Aaron, holding the record I want. Dad didn’t have it.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Hey, man,” he says sheepishly, and as I approach, he leans it against the wall. He’s a dick, but I’m not perfect either so I come up and hug him.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Hey.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Well, you were right. My dad had it—<span class="italic">Egyptian Masters Volume Three.”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I so appreciate this.” I take the record. It’s got a picture on the cover of what looks like the Nile at dusk, with a palm tree lilting left, echoing the brightening moon, and the purple sky rolling up from the horizon.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah, I’m sorry about everything,” Aaron says. “I. .. uh … I’ve had a weird couple of days.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You know what?” I look him in the eyes. “Me too.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I bet.” He smiles.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah, from now on, whenever crap goes down, you can be like ‘Oh, Craig, I had a bad few days,’because I <span class="italic">will</span> get what you’re talking about.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What’s it like in here?” he asks.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“There’s people whose lives have been screwed up for a long time, and then there are people like me, whose lives have been screwed up for . . . you know . . . shorter.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Did they put you on new drugs?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No, same ones I was on before.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“So are you feeling better?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What changed?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m going to leave school.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You’re <span class="italic">what?”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m done. I’m going somewhere else.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Where?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I don’t know yet. I’m going to talk it over with my parents. Somewhere for art.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You want to do art?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah. I’ve been doing some in here. I’m good at it.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You’re pretty good at school too, man.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I shrug. I don’t really need to explain this to Aaron. He’s been demoted from most important friend to friend, and he’s going to have to earn that, even. And you know what else? I don’t owe people anything, and I don’t have to talk to them any more than I feel I need to.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What’s up with Nia?” I ask. Have to tread care fully here. “I got your message, about how things were bad.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“They got worked out. It was my fault. I got all freaked out about her being on pills and we broke up for like, a few days.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Why did that freak you out?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I don’t need any more of that in my life, you know? I mean, it’s bad enough with my dad.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“He’s on medication?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Every form of medication in the <span class="italic">book.</span> Mom, too. And then me, with the pot… when you come right down to it, there isn’t anybody in the household who isn’t seriously drugged except the fish.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“And you didn’t want your girlfriend to be, too.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Her smoking is one thing; I just … I can’t really explain it. I guess you’ll have to go out with someone for a long time to understand. If you’re with somebody and then you learn that they need to … <span class="italic">take</span> something on a daily basis, you wonder— how good can you be for them?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“That’s pretty stupid,” I say. “I met this girl in here—”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Oh yeah?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah, and she’s really screwed up, as screwed up as me, but I don’t look at that as an insult. I look at that as a chance to connect.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah, well.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“People are screwed up in this world. I’d rather be with someone screwed up and open about it than somebody perfect and . . . you know . . . ready to explode.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m sorry, Craig.” Aaron looks at me deep and holds out a hand for me to slap. “I’m sorry I was a bitch to you.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You <span class="italic">were</span> a bitch.” I slap his hand. “This album partly makes up for it. Just, don’t do it again.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“All right.” He nods.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">We stand still a minute. We haven’t moved from the crux of the hallways near the entrance of Six North. The double doors that I came in through are eight feet behind him.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Well, listen,” he says. “Enjoy the record. And— hey, they have a record player in here?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“They still <span class="italic">smoke</span> in here, Aaron. They’re kind of back in time.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Enjoy it and be in touch, and I’m sorry once again. I guess you won’t be chilling for a while.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I don’t know. I may never be chilling again.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Did you almost kill yourself to get in here?” Aaron asks. “That’s what Nia told me.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Why?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Because I wasn’t capable of dealing with the real world.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Craig, don’t kill yourself, okay?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Thanks.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Just.. . don’t.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I won’t.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’ll see you soon, man.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Aaron turns and the nurses open the door for him. He’s not a bad guy. He’s just someone who hasn’t had his stay on Six North yet. I take the record to Smitty to store behind the nurses’station.</span></p>
</div>  <div class="mbppagebreak" id="calibre_pb_57"></div></body></html>
