<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>It&amp;#8217;s Kind of a Funny Story</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
<link href="page_styles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>
  <body class="calibre">
<p class="calibre20"></p>
<p id="filepos183093" class="calibre16"><span class="calibre17"><span class="bold"><a href=".html_split_003#filepos4920">twelve</a></span></span></p><div class="calibre18"> </div>
<p class="calibre10"><span class="calibre3">The first doctor was Dr. Barney. He was fat and short and had a puckered and expressionless face like a very serious gnome.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What’s the problem?” He leaned back in his small gray chair. It sounded like a callous way to put things, but the way he phrased it, so soft and concerned, I liked him.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I think I have a serious depression.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Uh-huh.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It started last fall.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“All right,” he took shorthand on the pad on his desk. Next to the pad was a cup that read <span class="italic">Zyprexa,</span> which I thought was the craziest-sounding medical name I’d ever heard. (It turned out to be a drug for psychotics, I wondered if maybe a psychotic person had called a doctor a “zyprexa” and that’s how they came up with the name.) Everything in Dr. Barney’s office was branded—the Post-it notes said Paxil on them; his pens were all for Prozac; the desk calendar had Zoloft on each page.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I got into this high school, and I had every reason to be the happiest guy in the world,” I continued. “But I just started freaking out and feeling worse and worse.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Uh-huh. You completed your sheet, I see.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yes.” I held up the sheet that they had given me in the waiting room. It was a standard sheet, apparently, that they gave all the new recruits at the Anthem Mental Health Center, the building in downtown Brooklyn where this brain evaluation was taking place. The sheet had a bunch of questions about emotions you had felt over the past two weeks and four checkboxes for each one. For example, <span class="italic">Feelings of hopelessness and failure. Feeling difficulty with your appetite. Feeling that you are unable to cope with daily life.</span> For each one, you could check 1) Never, 2) Some days, 3) Nearly every day, or 4) All the time.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I had run down the list, checking mostly threes and fours.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“They like to collect these sheets every time you come in, to see how you’re doing,” Dr. Barney con tinued, “but on yours right now there’s one item of concern that we should discuss.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Uh-huh?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“ ‘Feeling suicidal or that you want to hurt yourself.’You checked ‘3) Nearly every day.’”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Right, well, not trying to <span class="italic">hurt</span> myself. I wouldn’t cut myself or anything stupid. If I wanted to do it, I would just do it.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Suicide.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">It felt strange to hear. “Right.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Do you have a plan?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Brooklyn Bridge.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You’d jump off the Brooklyn Bridge.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I nodded. “I’m familiar with it.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“How long have you had feelings like that, Craig?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Since last year, mostly.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What about before then?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Well . . . I’ve <span class="italic">had</span> them for years. Just less intense. I thought they were, you know, just part of growing up.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Suicidal feelings.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I nodded.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Dr. Barney stared at me, his lips puckered. What was he so serious about? Who <span class="italic">hasn’t</span> thought about killing themselves, as a kid? How can you grow up in this world and <span class="italic">not</span> think about it? It’s an option taken by a <span class="italic">lot</span> of successful people: Ernest Hemingway, Socrates, Jesus. Even before high school, I thought that it would be a cool thing to do if I ever got really famous. If I kept making my maps, for instance, and some art collector came across them and decided to make them worth hundreds of thousands of dollars, if I killed myself at the height of that, they’d be worth <span class="italic">millions</span> of dollars, and I wouldn’t be responsible for them anymore. I’d have left behind something that spoke for itself, like the Brooklyn Bridge.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I thought . . . you haven’t really <span class="italic">lived</span> until you’ve contemplated suicide,” I said. “I thought like it would be good to have a reset switch, like on the video games, to start again and see if you could go a different way.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Dr. Barney said, “It sounds as if you’ve been battling this depression for a long time.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I stopped. No I hadn’t. . <span class="italic">.Yes I had.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Dr. Barney said nothing.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Then he said, “You have a flat affect.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What’s that?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You’re not expressing a lot of emotion about these things.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Oh. Well. They’re too big.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I see. Let’s talk a little about your family.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Mom designs postcards; Dad works in health insurance,” I said.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“They’re together?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yes.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Any brothers or sisters?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“One sister. Younger. Sarah. She’s worried about me.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“How so?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“She’s always asking me whether I’m good or bad, and when I tell her I’m bad she says, ‘Craig, please get better, everyone is trying.’Things like that. It breaks my heart.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“But she cares.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Your family supports you coming here?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“When I told them about it they didn’t waste any time. They say it’s a chemical imbalance, and if I get the right drugs for it, I’ll be fine.” I looked around the office at the names of the right drugs. If I got prescribed every drug that Dr. Barney repped, I’d be like an old man counting out pills every morning.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You’re in high school, correct?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yes.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“And your sister?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Fourth grade.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You realize there are a lot of parental consent forms that need to be filled out for us to help you—”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“They’ll sign everything. They want me to get better.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Supportive family environment,” Dr. Booth scratched on his pad. He turned and gave his version of a smile, which was a slight affirmative, the lips barely curled, the lower lip out in front.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“We’re going to get through this, Craig. Now, from a personal standpoint, why do you think you have this depression?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I can’t compete at school,” I said. “All the other kids are too much smarter.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What’s the name of your high school?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Executive Pre-Professional High School.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Right. I’ve heard of it. Lots of homework.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah. When I come home from school, I know I have all this work to do, but then my head starts the Cycling.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“The Cycling.’”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Going over the same thoughts over and over. When my thoughts race against each other in a circle.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Suicidal thoughts?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No, just thoughts of what I have to do. Homework. And it comes up to my brain and I look at it and think ‘I’m not going to be able to do that’and then it cycles back down and the next one comes up. And then things come up like ‘You should be doing more extracurricular activities’because I <span class="italic">should,</span> I don’t do near enough, and that gets pushed down and it’s replaced with the big one: ‘What college are you going to, Craig?’which is like the doomsday question because I’m not going to get into a good one.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What would a good one be?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Harvard. Yale. Duh.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Uh-huh.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“And then the thoughts keep turning and I lie down on my bed and think them. And I used to not be able to lie down anywhere; I used to always be up doing something, but once the Cycling starts I can waste hours, just lying and looking at the ceiling, and time goes slowly and really fast at the same time—and then it’s midnight and I have to go to sleep because no matter what I do, I have to be at school the next day. I can’t let them know what’s happening to me.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Do you have difficulty sleeping?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Sometimes not. When I do it’s bad, though. I lie there thinking about how everything I’ve done is a failure, death and failure, and there’s no hope for me except being homeless, because I’m never going to be able to hold a job because everyone else is so much smarter.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“But they’re not <span class="italic">all,</span> are they, Craig? Some of them have to be not as smart as you.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Well, those are the ones who I don’t have to worry about! But plenty of people are, and they’re going to kick my ass everywhere. Like my friend Aaron—”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Who’s that?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“My best friend. He has a girlfriend too, who I’m friends with.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“How do you feel about her?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Not so much . . . one way or the other.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Uh-huh.” Dr. Barney wrote on his pad.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Anyway . . ."I tried to sum up. I was lying to this guy; that meant we really knew each other. “It’s all about living a sustainable life. I don’t think I’m going to be able to have one.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“A sustainable life.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“That’s right, with a real job and a real house and everything.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“And a family?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Of course! You have to have that. What kind of success are you if you don’t have that?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Uh-huh.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“So to have that I have to start shaping up now, but I can’t because of this crap that’s going on in my head. And I <span class="italic">know</span> that these things I’m thinking don’t make sense and I think ‘Stop!’”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“But you can’t stop.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I can’t stop.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Well.” He tapped his Prozac pen. “You know that your thoughts aren’t thoughts you want to have. That’s a good thing.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Do you ever hear voices?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Uh-oh. Now we were getting into the real meat. Dr. Barney was cuddly enough, but I was sure that if you gave him a straitjacket he’d be able to handle it just fine, coaxing you into it and leading you to a <span class="italic">very comfortable</span> room with soft walls and a bench where you could sit looking at a one-way mirror and telling people you were Scrooge McDuck. (How did they make one-way mirrors, anyway?) I knew I had problems, but I also knew I wasn’t crazy. I wasn’t <span class="italic">schizo.</span> I didn’t hear voices. Well, I heard that one voice, the army guy, but that was <span class="italic">my</span> voice, just me trying to motivate myself. I was not going to get thrown in the loony bin.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No voices,” I said. Lied, technically. Lied again.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Craig, do you know about brain chemistry?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I nodded. I’d skipped ahead in the bio textbook.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Do you know how depression works?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah.” It was a simple explanation. “You have these chemicals in your brain that carry messages from each brain cell to the next brain cell. They’re called neurotransmitters. And one of them is serotonin.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Excellent.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Which scientists think is the neurotransmitter related to depression … If you have a lack of this chemical in your system, you can start to get depressed.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Dr. Barney nodded.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Now,” I kept on, “after the serotonin passes a message from one brain cell to the next, it gets sucked back into the first brain cell to be used again. But the problem is sometimes your brain cells do too much sucking"—I chuckled—"and they don’t leave enough serotonin in your system to carry the messages. So they have these drugs called selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors that keep your brain from taking too much serotonin back to get more of it in your system. So you feel better.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Craig, excellent! You know a lot. We’re going to put you on medication that is going to do just that.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Great.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Before I write a prescription, do you have any questions for me?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Sure I did. Dr. Barney looked happy. He had a nice gold ring and shiny glasses.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“How’d you get started in this?” I asked. “I’m always interested to know how people got started.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">He leaned forward, his paunch disappearing in his shadow. He had huge gray eyebrows and a somber face.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“After college, I went through my own shit and decided that all the physical suffering in the world couldn’t compare to mental anguish,” he said. “And when I got myself cleared up, I decided to help other people.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You got yours cleared up?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I did.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What did you have?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">He sighed. “What you have.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“To a tee.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I leaned forward—our faces were two feet away from one another. “How did you fix it?” I begged.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">He tilted the side of his mouth up. “Same way you will. On my own.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">What?</span> What kind of answer was that? I scowled at him. I was here for <span class="italic">help;</span> I wasn’t here to figure this out on my own; if I wanted to figure it out on my own I’d be taking a bus tour of Mexico—</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“We’re going to start you on Zoloft,” Dr. Barney said.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">O-ho?</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It’s a great medication; helps a lot of people. It’s an SSRI, it’s going to affect the serotonin in your brain like you said, but you can’t expect an instant effect because it takes weeks to get into your system.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Weeks?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Three to four weeks.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Isn’t there a fast-acting version?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You take the Zoloft with food, once a day. We’ll start you on fifty milligrams. The pills make you feel dizzy, but that’s the only side effect, except for sexual side effects.” Dr. Barney looked up from his pad. “Are you sexually active?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">Ha</span> ha ha ha ha ha ha. “No.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“All right. Also, Craig: I think that you would benefit from seeing someone.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I know! Don’t think I haven’t tried. I’m not really good at talking to girls.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Girls? No. I meant <span class="italic">therapists.</span> You should start seeing a therapist.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What about you?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m a psychopharmacologist. I refer you to the therapists.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">What a racket. “Okay.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Let’s take a look for one.” He opened up what looked like the white pages on his desk and started rattling off names and addresses to me as if they made a difference. Dr. Abrams in Brooklyn, Dr. Fieldstone in Manhattan, Dr. Bok in Manhattan … I thought Dr. Bok was a cool name, so we set up an appointment with him—I missed it, though, because later in the week I was doing a history assignment, and I was so embarrassed that I didn’t call to cancel with Dr. Bok that I never went to see him again. The next time with Dr. Barney we had to pick another shrink, and then another, and then another, among them the little old lady who asked if I had been sexually abused and the beautiful redhead who asked why I had so many problems with women and the man with the handlebar mustache who suggested hypnosis. It was like I was dating, except I didn’t get to make out with any of the girls—and I was also bi because I met up with guys.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I like talking to you,” I told Dr. Barney.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Well, you’ll be seeing me in a month, to check up on how the medication is treating you.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You don’t do therapy?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“The other doctors are great, Craig; they’ll help.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Dr. Barney stood up—he was about five-foot-five—and shook my hand with a soft, meaty grip. He handed me the Zoloft prescription and instructed me to get it right away, which I did, even before taking the subway home.</span></p>
<div class="mbppagebreak" id="calibre_pb_17"></div></body></html>
