<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>It&amp;#8217;s Kind of a Funny Story</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
<link href="page_styles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>
  <body class="calibre">
<div class="calibre1">
<p id="filepos148576" class="calibre16"><span class="calibre17"><span class="bold"><a href=".html_split_003#filepos4617">ten</a></span></span></p><div class="calibre18"> </div>
<p class="calibre10"><span class="calibre3">The house had thinned out.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Jeez. I got up. The laptop playlist had stopped. My night was over. All I had done was look at records and almost hook up with a girl, but somehow I felt accomplished.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Uh, Ronny?” I asked.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Ronny was playing PlayStation on Aaron’s couch. The PlayStation cord stretched across the room. He looked up.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Where is everybody?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Having sex with your mom.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Next to Ronny, a girl named Donna was balled up in a lump on one end of the couch. The guy with the Eight Ball jacket occupied a chair. Someone yelled to put on more music; Ronny yelled to <span class="italic">Shut up, son.</span> The house was full of cups—mugs and glasses everywhere, like they had been multiplying during the party.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Does anyone know where Aaron is?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Pause,” was all Ronny could manage.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Aaron!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Shut up, man! He’s with his chick.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m here, I’m here!” Aaron strode out from his room, adjusting his pants. “Jeez.” He surveyed the damage. “What’s up? You have a good rest?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Shoot, yeah. Where’s Nia?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Asleep.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You did her good, huh?” Ronny asked. “Asian invasion.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Shut up, Ronny.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Asian contagion.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Shut up.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Asian persuasion.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Aaron yanked his controller out of the PlayStation.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Suh-uhn!” Ronny scrambled for it.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You want to go for a walk?” Aaron asked.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Sure!” I got my jacket.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Aaron woke up Eight Ball jacket and Donna and got them out; he forced Ronny to leave too, over many protests. We all took the elevator down; Eight-Ball jacket and Ronny went uptown; Donna and two others slid into a cab; me and Aaron, instinctively, started toward the shimmering Brooklyn Bridge, which carved its way through the night about three blocks from his house.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You want to walk across the bridge?” Aaron asked.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Into Brooklyn?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah. You can go home or we can take the subway back to my place.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“When will it be light?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“In three, four hours.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Let’s do it. I’ll walk home and get breakfast.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Cool.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">We walked in step. My feet weren’t cold at all. My head swam. I looked at bare trees and thought they were beautiful. The only way it could have been better was if it were snowing. Then I’d have flakes dripping down on me and I’d be able to catch them in my mouth. I wouldn’t be worried about Aaron seeing that.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“So, how do you feel?” I was like.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“About what?” he was like.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You know,” I was like.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Hold on a second.” Aaron spotted a Snapple bottle on the curb; it looked like it was filled with urine, which happens a lot in Manhattan—I don’t know why but homeless people fill up bottles with piss and then don’t even have the courtesy to throw them away—but then again it could be apple Snapple—did they have that? He lunged at it and sent it sailing across the street with a three-point kick; it landed on the opposite curb and shattered yellow under the streetlight.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">“Rrnagh!”</span> Aaron screamed. Then he looked around. “There aren’t any cops, right?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I laughed. “No.” We came to the entrance to the bridge. “So seriously, what was it like?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“She’s awesome. I mean, she likes everything— she really likes it. She likes. .. <span class="italic">sex.”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You had sex with her?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No, but I can tell. She likes everything else.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What’d you do?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">He told me.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No way!” I pushed him as we climbed the bridge. Air from the frigid New York Harbor blew at us, and I put my hood up over my head and tightened the chewed cord. “What was it like?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It’s the craziest thing,” Aaron was like. “It feels just like the inside of your cheek.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No kidding?” I pulled one hand out of my pocket.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I stuck a finger in my mouth and pushed to the side. “That’s it?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Just like that,” Aaron said. He had his finger in his cheek too. “I’m serious. It’s hot.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Huh.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">We walked in silence with our fingers in our mouths.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Did you hook up with anyone?” he asked.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Nope. Julie wanted to, though.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Nice one. Did she slip you something?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What? <span class="italic">No.”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Because you crashed out pretty hard in the corner over there.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I was drinking my mom’s scotch and checking out your dad’s albums.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You’re a trip, Craig.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It’s cold out here.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Looks pretty cool, though.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">We weren’t even a tenth of the way up the bridge, but it did look cool. Behind us the walkway extended to City Hall, where the city had sprung for some spotlights to illuminate the dome of the building. It looked like a white pearl nestled between giants like the Woolworth building, which I learned in English class Ayn Rand had described as a “finger of God,” and that was about right—green and white at the top like the world’s most decorated mint. To our left were the other bridges of Manhattan, arrayed against each other like alternating <span class="italic">sin</span> and <span class="italic">cos</span> waves, carrying a smattering of late-night trucks whose tops trailed mist.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">But to the right was the best view: New York Harbor. Mostly black. The Statue of Liberty was lit up, but it always struck me as a little cheesy, standing out there being all cute. The real action was on the sides: Manhattan had its no-nonsense downtown, where people made <span class="italic">money,</span> and on the other side was Brooklyn, sleepy and dark but with a trump card—the container cranes, lit up not for show or government pride but because there was <span class="italic">work</span> going on, even at this hour—ships unloading stuff that was famously unchecked for terrorist threats but somehow hadn’t blown us up yet. Brooklyn was a port. New York was a port. We got things done. I had gotten things done, too.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Between Brooklyn and Manhattan, miles across the water, we saw the final curtain of New York City—the Verrazano Narrows Bridge. It spanned the opening to the port, a steel-blue pair of upper lips greeting the blackness.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I could do anything anywhere, in all four directions.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Craig?” Aaron was like.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What’s up.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What’s up with <span class="italic">you?</span> You okay?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m happy,” I said.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Why not?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No, I said I’m <span class="italic">happy”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I know. Why not be?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">We came up to the first tower of the bridge, with a plaque proclaiming who had built it; I stopped to read. John Roebling. Aided by his wife, and then his son. He died during construction. But hey, the Brooklyn Bridge might be here for eight hundred years. I wanted to leave something like that behind. I didn’t know how I was going to do it, but I felt like I had taken the first steps.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“The really cool thing about Nia …” Aaron was saying, and he started to go into anatomical details, things about her that I didn’t need to hear; I tuned him out; I knew he was talking to himself. This was what he was happy about. I was happy about different stuff. I was happy because someday I’d be walking across this bridge looking at this city, owning some piece of it, being <span class="italic">valuable</span> here.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Her butt is like—I think her butt shape is where they got the heart logo. . . .”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">We came to the middle of the bridge. On either side of us the cars hissed past; red on the left and white on the right, the lanes encased by thin metal trussing that stretched out from the walkway.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I had a sudden urge to walk out over the trussing and lean over the water, to declare myself to the world. Once it came into my head, I couldn’t push it away.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I don’t know if it was <span class="italic">real</span>—” Aaron was saying.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I want to stand out over the water,” I told him.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">“What?”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Come with me. You want to do it?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">He stopped.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah,” he said. “Yeah, I see where you’re coming from.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">There were pathways built onto the top of the trussing, places for the bridge workers to get out to the cables and repair them. I clambered onto one on the harbor side, the side crowned by the Verrazano, and grabbed the handrails and balanced my feet one in front of the other on a piece of metal about four inches wide. Below me cabs and SUVs hummed by. In front of me was the black of the water and the black of the sky and the cold.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You’re crazy,” Aaron said.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I took steps forward. It was easy. Stuff like this always is. The stuff adults tell you not to do is the easiest.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Below me there were three lanes of traffic; I cleared the first, got halfway over the second; then Aaron yelled:</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What are you going to do out there?!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m just going to think!” I called back.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“About what?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I shook my head. I couldn’t explain. “It’ll only take a minute!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Aaron turned back.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I moved past the second lane and kept my eyes on the horizon. I didn’t move my eyes from it for the last lane, shifting my hands in front of one another in a tight rhythm. I came to the edge of the bridge and was sort of surprised how there wasn’t any fence. There wasn’t anything to keep you from falling off, just your hands and your will. I gripped the bars at either side—they were freezing—and then sprung my hands open and spread my arms wide and felt the wind whip and tug at me as I leaned myself over the water like . . . well, like Christ, I guess.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I closed my eyes and opened them, and the only difference was the feel of the wind on my eyeballs, because when I closed them I could still see the dotted lights perfectly. I threw back my head and yelled. When I was a kid I read these books, the Redwall books, fantasy books about a bunch of warrior mice, and the mice had this war cry that I always thought was cool: “Eulalia.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">And like an idiot, that’s what I yelled off the Brooklyn Bridge:</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">Eulaliaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">And I could have died right then.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">And considering how things went, I really should have.</span></p>
</div>  <div class="mbppagebreak" id="calibre_pb_15"></div></body></html>
