<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>It&amp;#8217;s Kind of a Funny Story</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
<link href="page_styles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>
  <body class="calibre">
<div class="calibre1">
<p id="filepos686181" class="calibre16"><span class="calibre17"><span class="bold"><a href=".html_split_003#filepos10342">forty-two</a></span></span></p><div class="calibre18"> </div>
<p class="calibre10"><span class="calibre3">Humble is back at dinner. He has entirely new clothes, a sparkly clean-shaven face, and eyes that won’t quite open all the way; he stations himself at his usual table under the TV in the dining room, which everyone left empty while he was gone. Noelle ‘s there too, at the next table, her back to him; I walk in, say hi to both of them, grab the tables, put them together, and sit between them, smiling.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Noelle, I don’t know if you’ve had the chance to meet Humble.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Not really,” she says. She’s still grinning. From our date, I hope.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Humble, Noelle. Noelle, Humble.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">“Uhhhhhh . .</span> ."he says, squinting his eyes. “Those cuts on your face are <span class="italic">trippy.”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Thanks?” They shake hands.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You have a good handshake for a girl,” says Humble.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You have a good one for a guy.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">My dinner is beans and hot dogs and salad, with cookies and a pear at the end. I tackle it.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“So where’d they take you?” I ask between bites.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Across the hall to geriatric,” says Humble.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“With the old people?” Noelle asks.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah. That’s where they take you when they have to get you <span class="italic">whacked outta your mind.”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Where’d you hear the term ‘wack’?” Noelle asks.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">‘"Whacked?"’Humble picks a piece of salad out of his teeth with his thumb.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No, she thinks you’re saying ‘wack,’like ‘that’s wack,’” I explain.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Wack, wacky, whacked, it’s all the same word. This is an old word. I used to have an uncle named Wacky—what are you laughing at? Man, don’t start with me. This kid is a lot of trouble.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah, I know,” says Noelle. And she bangs her knee against my thigh. Awesome. A girl hasn’t done that to me since like fourth grade. “He’s a mess.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I know,” says Humble. “It’s because he’s too smart for his own good. He comes in here; he’s burned out. I’ve seen it before. I see it all the time, but in people in their <span class="italic">twenties, thirties.</span> This guy is so smart that he got burnt out in half the time. He’s having like a midlife crisis as a teenager.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Forget the midlife crisis,” I say. “It’s all about the <span class="italic">sixth-life crisis.”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What the hell is that?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Well…” I look at Noelle. She’s not going to hit me with her leg again? I’m not sure if I want to talk. I don’t want to bore her. But I know I won’t bore Humble, and if I don’t bore her <span class="italic">either,</span> that would make it like a major victory.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Well, first there’s the quarter-life crisis,” I say. “That’s like the characters on <span class="italic">Friends</span>—people freaking out that they won’t get married. Twenty-year-olds. That’s probably true that people get quarter-life crises; I wouldn’t know. But I know that now things work faster. Before you had to wait until you were twenty to have enough choices of things to do with your life to start getting freaked out. But now there’s so much stuff for you to buy, and so many ways you can spend your time, and so many specialties that you need to get started on very early in life—like ballet, right, Noelle, when did you start ballet?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Four.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Okay. I started Tae Bo at six. So there are like— so many <span class="italic">people</span> angling for success and so many colleges you’re supposed to get into, and so many women you’re supposed to have sex with—”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You gotta freak them,” says Johnny from across the room.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Were we talking to you?” Humble asks.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Huh, eat your salt.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What, tough guy? How about I knock your head off, how would you like that—”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Boys.” Noelle stands up and pulls her hair away from her cheeks, which are red in addition to being cut up. Everybody shuts up.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“So now,” I continue, “instead of a quarter-life crisis they’ve got a fifth-life crisis—that’s when you’re eighteen—and a sixth-life crisis—that’s when you’re fourteen. I think that’s what a lot of people have.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What you have.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Not just me. It’s the . . . um . . . should I keep going?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yes,” Noelle says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Well, there are lot of people who make a lot of money off the fifth- and sixth-life crises. All of a sudden they have a ton of consumers scared out of their minds and willing to buy facial cream, designer jeans, SAT test prep courses, condoms, cars, scooters, self-help books, watches, wallets, stocks, whatever … all the crap that the twenty-somethings used to buy, they now have the ten-somethings buying. They doubled their market!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Bobby has pulled up a chair next to me. “This kid is a freakin’lunatic,” he says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I hope they keep him in here,” says Humble.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“So pretty soon.” I keep thinking. “There’ll be seventh- and eighth-life crises. Then eventually a baby will be born and the doctors will look at it and wonder right away if it’s unequipped to deal with the world; if they decide it doesn’t look happy, they’ll put it on antidepressants, get it started on that particular consumer track.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">“Hmmmmmmmmmmmm,”</span> Humble says. I think he’s going to follow it up with something, but instead he says: <span class="italic">“Hmmmmmmmmmmmm.”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Then:</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Your problem is you have a worldview totally in formed by depression.” He leans in. “What about <span class="italic">rage?”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I was never big on rage.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Why?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It’s so much more angry in my head than it could ever be outside.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Extra cookies!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">It’s one of the nurses. We all get in line; it’s oat meal and peanut butter. As I shuffle forward, Noelle nudges me from behind; when I turn to her, she turns her face away as if I were trying to kiss her but she wouldn’t let me.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You’re trouble,” I say.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You’re silly,” she answers.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I did it. I talked and she liked me; she thought I was smart. I start to develop a plan. Once I get my cookies, I go to the phone to call Dad, who’s already bringing <span class="italic">Blade</span> II tomorrow night. I want him to bring something else too.</span></p>
</div>  <div class="mbppagebreak" id="calibre_pb_53"></div></body></html>
