<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>It&amp;#8217;s Kind of a Funny Story</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
<link href="page_styles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>
  <body class="calibre">
<p class="calibre20"></p>
<p id="filepos209132" class="calibre16"><span class="calibre17"><span class="bold"><a href=".html_split_003#filepos5073">thirteen</a></span></span></p><div class="calibre18"> </div>
<p class="calibre10"><span class="calibre3">The Zoloft worked, and it didn’t take weeks—it worked as soon as I took it that first day. I don’t know how, but suddenly<span class="italic"></span> I<span class="italic"></span> felt <span class="italic">good</span> about my life— what the hell? I was a kid; I had plenty more to do; I’d been through some crap but I was learning from it. These pills were going to bring me back to my old self, able to tackle everything, functional and efficient. I’d be talking to girls in school and telling them that I <span class="italic">was</span> messed up, that I had <span class="italic">had</span> problems but that I’d dealt with them, and they’d think I was brave and sexy and ask me to call them.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">It must have been a placebo effect, but it was a great placebo effect. If placebo effects were this good, they should just make placebos the way to treat depression—maybe that’s what they did; maybe Zoloft was cornstarch. My brain said <span class="italic">yes</span> I <span class="italic">am back</span> and I thought the whole thing was over.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">This was my first experience with a Fake Shift. Dastardly stuff—you do well on a test; you make a girl laugh; you have a particularly lower-body-simmering experience after talking online and rushing to the bathroom; you think it’s all over. That just makes it worse when you wake up the next day and it’s back with a vengeance to show you who’s boss.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I feel great!” I told Mom when I got home.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What did the doctor say?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m on Zoloft!” I showed her the bottle.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Huh. A lot of people at my office take this.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I think it’s working!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It can’t be working already, honey. Calm down.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I took my Zoloft every day. Some days I woke up and got out of bed and brushed my teeth like any normal human being; some days I woke up and lay in bed and looked at the ceiling and wondered what the hell the point was of getting out of bed and brushing my teeth like any normal human being. But I always managed to take it. I never tried to take more than one, either; it wasn’t that kind of drug. It didn’t make you feel anything, but then after a month, just like they said, I started to feel that there was a buoy keeping me upright when I got bad. If the Cycling started there was a panic button attached to my good thoughts; 1 could click it and think about my family, my sister, my friends, my time online; the good teachers at school—the Anchors.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I even spent time with Sarah. She was so smart, smarter than me for sure. She’d be able to handle what I was going through without seeing any doctors. Her homework bordered on algebra even though it was only fourth grade, and I helped her with it, sometimes doodling spirals or patterns on the side of the pages while she worked. I didn’t do maps anymore.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Those are cool, Craig,” she would say.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Thanks.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Why don’t you do art more?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I don’t have time.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Silly. You always have time.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Oh yeah.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yes. Time is a person-made concept.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Really? Where’d you hear that?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I made it up.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I don’t know if that’s true. We all live within time. It rules us.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I use my time how I want, so I rule <span class="italic">it.”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You should be a philosopher, Sarah.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">“Uggg,</span> no. What’s that? Interior design.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">My eating came back around: first coffee yogurt, then bagels, then chicken. Sleeping, meanwhile, was two-steps-forward, one-step-back. (That’s one of the golden rules of psychology: the shrinks say that <span class="italic">everything</span> in our lives is two-steps-forward, one-step-back, to justify that time you, say, drank paint thinner and tried to throw yourself off a roof. That was just <span class="italic">taking a step back.)</span> Some nights I wouldn’t sleep, but then for the next two I slept great. I even dreamed: flying dreams, dreams of meeting Nia on a bus and talking with her, looking at her, seeing her off a few stops down the line. (Never having sex with her, unfortunately.) Dreams that I was I jumping off a bridge and landing on giant fuzzy dice, bouncing across the Hudson River from Manhattan to New Jersey, laughing and looking back at which numbers I had landed on.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">When I couldn’t sleep, though, it sucked. I’d think about the fact that my parents weren’t going to leave me much money and they might not have enough to send my sister to college and I had a history assignment to do and how come I didn’t go to the library today and I hadn’t checked my e-mail in days—what was I missing in there? Why did I fret so much about e-mail? Why was I sweating into the pillow? It wasn’t hot. How come I had smoked pot <span class="italic">and</span> jerked off today?—I had developed a rule: on the days you jerk off you don’t smoke pot and on the days you smoke pot you don’t jerk off, because the days you do both are the ones that become truly wasted days, days where you take <span class="italic">three</span> steps back.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I started to work in phases a little bit. For three weeks I’d be cool, fine, functional. Even at my most functional, I wasn’t someone you’d pay a lot of attention to; you wouldn’t see me in the halls at school and go “There he goes, Craig Gilner—I wonder what <span class="italic">he’s</span> up to.” You’d see me and go, “What does that poster say behind that guy—is the anime club meeting today?” But I was there, that was the important thing. I was at school as opposed to home in my bed.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Then I’d get bad. Usually it happened after a chill session at Aaron’s house, one of those glorious times when we got really high and watched a <span class="italic">really</span> bad movie, something with Will Smith where we could point out all the product placements and plot holes. I’d wake up on the couch in Aaron’s living room (I would sleep there while he slept with Nia in the back) and I’d want to die. I’d feel wasted and burnt, having wasted my time and my body and my energy and my words and my soul. I’d feel like I had to get home right now to do work but didn’t have the ability to get to the subway. I’d just lie here for five more minutes. Now five more. Now five more. Aaron would eventually get up and I’d pee and force myself to interact with him, to get breakfast and hold down a few bites. Nia would ask me “You all right, man?” and one Saturday morning, while Aaron was out getting coffee, I told her no.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What’s wrong?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I sighed. “I got really depressed this year. I’m on medication.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Craig. Oh my gosh. I’m so sorry.” She came over and hugged me with her little body. “I know what it’s like.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You do?” I hugged back. I’m not a crier; I just look it; I’m a hugger. Cheesy, I know. I held the hug as long as I could before it got awkward.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah. I’m on Prozac.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No way!” I pulled back from her. “You should have told me!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You should have told me! We’re like partners in illness!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“We’re the illest!” I got up.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What are you on?” she asked.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Zoloft.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“That’s for wimps.” She stuck her tongue out. She had a ring. “The <span class="italic">really</span> messed-up people are on Prozac.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Do you see a therapist?” I wanted to say “shrink,” but it sounded funny out loud.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Twice a week!” She smiled.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Jesus. What is wrong with us?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I don’t know.” She started dancing. There wasn’t any music on, but when Nia wanted to dance, she danced. “We’re just part of that messed-up generation of American kids who are on drugs all the time.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I don’t think so. I don’t think we’re any more messed up than anybody before.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Craig, like eighty percent of the people I <span class="italic">know</span> are on medication. For ADD or whatever.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I knew too, but I didn’t like to think about that. Maybe it was stupid and solipsistic, but I liked to think about me. I didn’t want to be part of some trend. I wasn’t doing this for a fashion statement.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I don’t know if they really need it,” I said. “I really need it.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You think you’re the only one?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Not that I’m the only one … just that it’s a personal thing.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Okay, fine, Craig.” She stopped dancing. “I won’t mention it, then.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Jesus. You know why you’re messed up? It’s because you don’t have a <span class="italic">connection</span> with other people.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“That’s not true.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Here I am, I just told you I have the same problem as you—”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It might not be the same.” I had no idea what Nia had; she might have <span class="italic">manic</span>-depression. Manic-depression was much cooler than actual depression, because you got the manic parts. I read that they rocked. It was so unfair.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“See? This is what I mean. You put these <span class="italic">walls</span> up.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What walls?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“How many people have you told that you’re depressed?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“My mom. My dad. My sisters. Doctors.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What about Aaron?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“He doesn’t need to know. How many people have <span class="italic">you</span> told?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Of <span class="italic">course</span> Aaron needs to know! He’s your best friend!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I looked at her.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I think Aaron has a lot of problems too, Craig.” Nia sat down next to me. “I think he could really benefit from going on some medication, but he’d never admit it. Maybe if you told him, he would.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Have you told him?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“See? Anyway, we know each other too well.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Who? Me and you? Or you and Aaron?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Maybe all of us.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I don’t think so. I’m glad I know you, and I’m glad I know him. You can call me, you know, if you’re feeling down.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Thanks. I actually don’t have your new number.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Here.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">And she gave it to me, a magical number: I put it with her name in all caps on my phone. <span class="italic">This is a girl who can save me,</span> I thought. The therapists told you that you needed to find happiness within yourself before you got it from another person, but I had a feeling that if Aaron were off the face of the earth and I was the one holding Nia at night and breathing on her, I’d be pretty happy. We both would be.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">At home I got through the bad episodes by lying on the couch and drinking water brought from my parents, turning the electric blanket on to get warm and sweating it out. I wanted to tell people, “My depression is acting up today” as an excuse for not seeing them, but I never managed to pull it off. It would have been hilarious. After a few days I’d get up off the couch and return to the Craig who didn’t need to make excuses for himself. Around those times, I would call Nia to tell her I was feeling better and she would tell me she was feeling good too; maybe we were in synch. And I told her not to tease me. And she would smile over the phone and say, “But I’m so <span class="italic">good</span> at it.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">In March, as I had eight pills left of my final refill, I started thinking that I didn’t need the Zoloft anymore.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I was better. Okay, maybe I wasn’t better, but I was <span class="italic">okay</span>—it was a weird feeling, a lack of weight in my head. I had caught up in my classes. I had found Dr. Minerva—the sixth one that Dr. Barney and I tried—and found her quiet, no-nonsense attitude amenable to my issues. I was still getting 93’s, but what the hell, someone had to get them.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">What was I doing taking pills? I had just had a little problem and freaked out and needed some time to adjust. Anyone could have a problem starting a new school. I probably never needed to go to a doctor in the first place. What, because I threw up? I wasn’t throwing up anymore. Some days I wouldn’t eat, but back in Biblical times people did that all the time—fasting was a big part of religion, Mom told me. We were already so fat in America; did I need to be part of the problem?</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">So when I ran out of the final bottle of Zoloft, I didn’t take any more. I didn’t call Dr. Barney either. I just threw the bottle away and said <span class="italic">Okay, if I ever feel bad again, I’ll remember how good I felt that night on the Brooklyn Bridge.</span> Pills were for wimps, and this was over; I was done; I was back to me.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">But things come full circle, baby, and two months later I was back in my bathroom, bowing to the toilet in the dark.</span></p>
<div class="mbppagebreak" id="calibre_pb_18"></div></body></html>
