<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>It&amp;#8217;s Kind of a Funny Story</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
<link href="page_styles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>
  <body class="calibre">
<div class="calibre1">
<p id="filepos637024" class="calibre16"><span class="calibre17"><span class="bold"><a href=".html_split_003#filepos10059">forty</a></span></span></p><div class="calibre18"> </div>
<p class="calibre10"><span class="calibre3">Muqtada isn’t in the room. I can’t believe it—it’s like the first time since I’ve been here. I look at his rumpled sheets and try to make out a human form, but there isn’t enough bulk to account for him. I peek in the bathroom—nothing.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You have a roommate?” Nia asks.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah, uh, he’s usually here …”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">“Ewwww</span> …” She waves in front of her nose. “Something <span class="italic">smells.”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“The roommate’s Egyptian; I don’t think he wears deodorant.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Me <span class="italic">either.”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I make like I’m cleaning up my stuff near my bed, but really I’m just taking my brain maps and flipping them over.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You don’t get a TV?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Do you read in here?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I like to read out in the hall with other people. My sister gave me a <span class="italic">Star</span> magazine, but the nurses took it away to read themselves.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">She walks toward me, looking up idly glib and innocent. “Do you get lonely here?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Actually, no,” I tell her. I move hair that is stuck to my forehead. I’m really sweating now. “It’s very social here. I made friends.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Who?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“That lady you were talking to outside.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Her? She’s so rude. She totally horned in on our conversation.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“She thinks someone sprayed insecticide in her apartment, Nia. She gets paranoid.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Really? That’s crazy. That’s really crazy.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I dunno. She might be right.” Nia is a few feet away from me now. Her shoulders are tilted up at me. I could pick her up and throw her on my unmade bed just like Aaron has done for the past two years. These words we’re saying are just a front. “She’s a college professor. There might be something to it.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Craig . . .” She’s right in front of me now. “Do you remember when you called me"—she touches my forehead—"oh, you’re sweating!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah, I do that. When I get nervous.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Are you okay? You’re <span class="italic">really</span> sweating.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m all right.” I wipe it away.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Seriously, Craig, that is gross.” She scowls, then gets back to where she was. “When you called me, you remember how you asked what I would do if you came over and grabbed me and kissed me?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah.” My stomach is tight. The man is down there pulling on the rope. I thought I had him beat. I’d been eating so well.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’d <span class="italic">let</span> you,” she says. “You know I would.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Now she’s got her glossy, sparkly lips turned up at me, and I feel this amazing dichotomy going on. It’s almost like before I came in here, when I was in my mom’s bed, when my brain wanted to die but my heart wanted to live. Now, quite literally, everything from my stomach up wants to run to the bathroom, to throw up, to talk to Armelio or Bobby or Smitty, to kick Nia out, to get ready for my second date with Noelle. But the bottom half has been denied too long. It’s been ready for this for two years, and it knows what it wants. It says that the real cause of all my problems is that I haven’t been satisfying it.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">And these aren’t any lips, either, that I’m presented with to rectify my lack of play. These are lips that I’ve had access to for years in my mind. I’ve done terrible, horrible things to these lips in the privacy of my bathroom. So screw it. You’ve gotta try sometime.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I lean down and grab Nia and push her back on Muqtada’s bed.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I didn’t mean to; I meant to turn her around and put her on <span class="italic">my</span> bed, but she happened to be in front of me and I couldn’t switch directions in mid-grab. I cover her with my thin body and kiss her upper lip first, encase it in my lips, then do the lower one, then try to do them both at once, only that doesn’t really work, it’s like trying to pull the lips off her head, and she laughs, which gives me her beautiful smile to kiss, the hard white teeth—I don’t mind— and then I use my tongue the way I’ve seen in movies and put my hands on her soldier outfit and feel what I don’t have and have wanted for years pressing back at me, taut and yielding at the same time. <span class="italic">Two</span> of them.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">“Mmmmmm,”</span> Nia mmmmmms, putting her small hands on the back of my head. She feels my hair; I shake against her. I can’t believe how good it feels. This is how good it feels? Why the hell did I ever get depressed?</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I remember what Aaron said about the inside of a girl’s cheek feeling like another place and I lick the insides of hers. She shivers; she likes it; it’s like Aaron said: <span class="italic">she likes sex;</span> her tongue becomes a jittery dart flicking in and out of my mouth. I feel the ring—a little metal bubble, something to add texture, foreign and dirty. Forget it. Let’s do it. I reach up to the buttons on her outfit. My eyes are closed, because if I open them I think I might get a little too excited and ruin my pants, and Mom didn’t bring me any pants.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Darn, the button I’m grabbing is in the middle. Up one. No. That’s not it. One more.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“God.” she pulls away. “I always wanted to hook up in a hospital.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What?” I look up at her chin. I’m still on top of her on Muqtada’s bed, my legs sticking way off, almost hitting my bed.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“This was totally on my checklist.” She looks down. “Me and Aaron never did anything like this.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">That’s a body blow to my whole body: the lower half that wanted this and the upper half that warned me about it. I can’t think what to say: <span class="italic">Please don’t compare me to Aaron? Please don’t mention Aaron?</span> What <span class="italic">checklist?</span> So I say: “Uh . . . um . . .”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">“Sex! “</span> I hear from the doorway.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">It’s Muqtada.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Sex! Sex in my bed! <span class="italic">Children</span> make sex in my bed!” He runs over to us; I jump off Nia and hold my hands up, thinking he’s going to <span class="italic">hit</span> me, but he grabs me and holds me close to his square smelly body and carries me like a girder to the corner of the room.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Um, Muqtada—”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Craig, who is <span class="italic">that?”</span> Nia yells.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I live here! You terrible girl corrupt my friend!” Muqtada puts me down, turns and stands with his arms crossed at Nia, guarding me. “You leave!” He points at the open door.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“There’s no <span class="italic">door?!”</span> Nia peers at it. On some kind of incredible girl-time, she’s gotten up, smoothed out her outfit, and collected her purse from near Muqtada’s pillow. She already has her cell phone out; it’s blinking at her side. She’s gesturing at me with it.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“There’s a door, yeah,” I say, standing on tiptoes to talk over Muqtada’s shoulder. “We just didn’t close it—”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Don’t talk to her!” Muqtada turns and shakes his finger at me. “She try and make sex in my bed!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It wasn’t just me, okay?” Nia bends her face in at him. He turns back. “In case you didn’t notice, Craig was on top of me. And we weren’t going to have sex.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Woman is temptress. My wife leave me. I know.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Craig, I’m outta here.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Uh, okay!” I answer into Muqtada’s back. “Ah—” I try and think how to sum it up. “I like making out with you . . . but I don’t really like you as a person. . . .”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah, same here,” says Nia.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What is going on in here?” It’s Smitty. He shadows the door. “Muqtada, what are you doing? And excuse me, young lady?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I was just leaving,” Nia says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You’re the visitor for Craig, right?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Not anymore.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What happened in here?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Nothing,” says Muqtada. “Everything fine.” He steps aside, turns, and gives me what I guess he thinks is a wink through his glasses.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah, absolutely.” I catch on. “Muqtada just came in and was surprised to see two people in the room.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Well, he should be,” says Smitty, “because you’re not supposed to have visitors in your room. Don’t let it happen again, okay?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No problem.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah, because you won’t be <span class="italic">seeing</span> me again,” says Nia, and Smitty gives her a disbelieving look as she walks away from him, stomping down the hall, slamming her shoes with each step. He shrugs at us.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“All right,” he says to her back. “Sign out on your way out, miss.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Craig, what kind of girl is going to put up with this … crap?” Nia turns around, spreads her arms, and gestures to the hall as if she owns it while she backs away.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Be quiet, Doomba!” yells President Armelio from somewhere. She turns back around and doesn’t give any more looks back.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Huh,” Smitty says. “Lovely girl. Everything cool, guys?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">We nod like kindergartners. “Yes.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Don’t let anything like that happen again, Craig.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I won’t.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Otherwise you’ll be here a long time.” Smitty walks away from the door; Muqtada waits a few moments and then turns to me.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Craig, I am sorry I only have very important beliefs about sex.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No, I understand. You did a good thing.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You are not in trouble, yes?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No, I’m fine. You handled it perfectly, man.” I put out my hand to get a slap from him, but he misinterprets that as a handshake attempt, so I take the initiative and turn it into a hug, a big smelly one. His glasses smack against me.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I am out trying to get Egyptian music in hospital,” he says. “You give me idea. But they have none. Now I rest.” And he climbs back in bed, rearranges his sheet, curls into a fetal position, and stares through me.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I glance at the door. Right there, with her bright green eyes wide open, is Noelle.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I rush out to talk to her, but she flies down to her room and closes her door. I run up to it and knock, but there’s no answer, and when Smitty passes me, shooting a look, I have to stop knocking.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I check the clock in the hall and sigh. It’s five. Two hours until our second date.</span></p>
</div>  <div class="mbppagebreak" id="calibre_pb_51"></div></body></html>
