<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>It&amp;#8217;s Kind of a Funny Story</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
<link href="page_styles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>
  <body class="calibre">
<div class="calibre1">
<p id="filepos583362" class="calibre16"><span class="calibre17"><span class="bold"><a href=".html_split_003#filepos9138">thirty-five</a></span></span></p><div class="calibre18"> </div>
<p class="calibre10"><span class="calibre3">“O’kay!” says Armelio. “Everybody here?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">We’re back in the activities lounge. Johnny, Humble, Ebony, and the Professor are here. Everyone shaved today—it turns out that the shaving rule is only enforced on weekdays—and they look ten times better. Even Rolling Pin Robert, pacing the halls outside, looks serviceable. I’ll have to remember that: shaving can make even a psych patient look good.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Huh.” Johnny exhales. “Bobby’s still at his interview.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah,” Ebony says. “Craig lent him a shirt. You’re so <span class="italic">nice,</span> Craig.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Thanks.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“When are you going to do more of your art?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Maybe tonight, after cards.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“That’s right, buddy, cards is what we need to focus on,” Armelio announces. He stands at the head of the table, which is covered with paint drops, crayon marks, and ink smears over uneven wood. In the middle is a plastic container with the buttons, separated into four even partitions. It looks like at some point the buttons were ordered by size or color, but now they’re all mixed up—every conceivable hue, shape, and ornamentation. They look like jewels.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I don’t want any of my buttons missing at the end!” Joanie says from the back. She’s at the other table, reading a romance novel and supervising.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“That’s right, we’re still looking for the Blue Button Bandit,” Humble says. “Anybody who can suddenly keep their pants up, we’re going to be very suspicious. Watch out for Solomon, that means. And Ebony.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I told you once, stupid, to stop talking about my pants.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Okay, everybody ready?” Armelio asks. “Take your buttons!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Our hands dive into the middle of the table, grabbing fistfuls. We pour the buttons in front of us and use our fingertips to spread them into a one-button-thick layer. Armelio gets to judge whether we have an equal amount.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Humble, put back six buttons. Ebony, put back ten. Johnny, what’s going on, buddy? You have like two hundred buttons too many!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I got a button bonus,” Johnny says, and just then Bobby comes into the activity room.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">He moves with his normal loping gait, leaning back with my shirt on. He stops at the end of our table, makes sure he has our attention, raises his right hand, shakes it in the air like he’s doing a magic trick, and then slams both his fists down on the table so his arms make a ‘V’shape, as if he were Chairman of the Board. He grins:</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I got it.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Silence holds the room.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Joanie starts the clapping from the back, slowly, but with reverence and purpose. Then Armelio joins in and the tempo starts to spiral.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“All right!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Congratulations!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Hooray for Brooklyn scumbags!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Bob-by! <span class="italic">Bob-by!”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">In a small room, eight people clapping can be a lot. The posters seem to shake with the applause. As it gets louder there’s howling and hooting and cheering. Tommy gets up and gives Bobby a bear hug, the kind that you can see between two men who’ve known one another for twenty years, who’ve been Fiend One and Fiend Two, for whom one’s victory counts just as much for the other.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Bobby, buddy, you the man!” Armelio walks over to the hugging pair and smacks Bobby’s back, nearly toppling Bobby <span class="italic">and</span> Johnny.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Wait a minute,” Bobby says. He extracts himself from the hug and holds up his right hand. “Before we get too crazy, ‘cause I see the buttons are out, I gotta thank this young man over here.” He walks toward me. “This kid literally gave me the shirt off his back—this blue one right here—and he didn’t know me from Adam, and there ain’t no question, without him, I wouldn’t have gotten this home. This new home.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I stand up and Bobby hugs me, his big bony hands wrapping around my back, and I feel the smooth old skin of his cheek and the well-knit fabric of my shirt doing a better job on him than it ever did on me. I think about how much this means to this guy, about how much more important it is than going to any high school or getting with any girl or being friends with anybody. This guy just got a place to <span class="italic">live.</span> Me? I have one. I’ll always have one. I don’t have any reason to worry about it. My stupid fantasies about ending up homeless are just that— the fact is that my parents will take me in anytime, anywhere. But some people have to get lucky just to live. And I never knew I could make anybody lucky.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">If Bobby can get a place to live,</span> I think, <span class="italic">then I can get a life worth living.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Thank you, kid,” Bobby says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It’s nothing,” I mumble. “Thanks for the tour.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“All right, guys, we gonna play cards or what?” Armelio asks, but Bobby stops him.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“One more thing: I’m really sorry, Craig, but I accidentally fell in something on my way back from the interview.” He turns around. There’s a . . . wait a minute . . .</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">There’s a giant piece of dog shit ground into the back of my shirt, right above his belt.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Ah …” I can’t believe I didn’t <span class="italic">smell</span> it. Did I touch it when I hugged him? “Ah, Bobby . . . it’s okay . . . my mom can wash it out—”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It ain’t real!” Bobby reaches back and pulls it off, throws it at me. It bounces off my shirt (a tie-dye T-shirt that everyone on Six North likes) and lands on the table in the buttons.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It’s plastic! I’ve had it since the eighties! Ha! I love it!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Armelio cracks up. “Holy crap! Look at that! It looks like something my mom would leave in my bedroom!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Everyone stops, turns.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“President Armelio, we did not need to know that,” says Humble.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Your mother would defecate in your bedroom?” the Professor asks.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Who said that?” Armelio asks. “I was talking about plastic—what’sthematter with you?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Everybody just cool it a little,” says Joanie, standing up with her book at her side. “Let’s have fun, but keep calm.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“All right, who gets the doodie button?” Humble holds up the poop. “I think it counts for two.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Bobby sits down and we ante up. The game is poker, seven-card stud. I’m no good at it. The hands start and people begin betting crazy, throwing in three or four buttons right at the beginning. I can’t match them. I have a limited number. And I don’t seem to be getting any good hands. So I fold. I fold three times in a row. The third time, Johnny says, “You might as well bet. It’s just buttons.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah,” Humble says. “Let me show you a secret.” He reaches into the button container and takes out a handful. <span class="italic">“See?”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I see,” Armelio says, looking over his cards. “Don’t think that’s not cheating, Humble. Any more and you’re out.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I laugh and bet six buttons.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What am I out of, exactly?” Humble asks Armelio. “The button jackpot?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Be nice,” the Professor says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Oh, listen to her,” Humble jerks his thumb. “Trying to be the mediator.” He leans in to me. “Don’t let her grandma look fool you. She’s a real hustler.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Excuse me?” The Professor puts down her cards. “What do you mean, ‘grandma?’”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Nothing, you just have that little old granny look about you, to lull people into your trap of playing good cards!” Humble gestures at himself disbelievingly.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You’re saying I’m old.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m not! I’m saying you’re a grandma!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Humble, apologize,” Joanie says from the back.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Why? Grandmas are wonderful things.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“For your information I’ll have you know,” the Professor says, “that unlike certain people around here I <span class="italic">act</span> my age.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Oh, so now I’m a liar?” Humble asks, standing up.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“We all <span class="italic">know</span> that’s what you are,” says the Professor.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Peo-ple .. .” Joanie warns.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“If I’m a liar, you know what you are?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What? You better not call me old because I’ll take this cane and whack you in the head right in front of everybody.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You ain’t taking nothing of mine!” Ebony holds her cane close. Quietly, she has far and away the most buttons.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You’re a yuppie!” Humble yells, and he picks up the dog doo and throws it at her head. “A stupid yuppie with no respect for anybody!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">“Aaaagh!”</span> The Professor holds her face. “He broke it! He broke my nose!” The dog doo has bounced all the way across the room and Joanie jumps over it lightly as she beats a hasty retreat.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Uh-oh,” Armelio says. “Now you guys did it. We were having such a good card game.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Harold comes into the room with two big guys in light blue jumpsuits, Joanie behind them. Humble raises his hands. “What? I didn’t do it!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“C’mon, Mr. Koper,” Harold says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I can’t believe it!” Humble says. “She insulted me! It wasn’t even my dog poop! I didn’t have the weapon!” He starts pointing at Bobby. “He’s an accomplice. If I’m going, he’s going.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Humble, you have three seconds to get over here.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“All right, all right.” Humble throws down his cards. “You guys have fun with your buttons.” He’s escorted out by Harold and the security guards, getting a resounding slap on the butt from the Professor. She still has one hand on her face, claiming that she’s bleeding, but when she removes her hand there isn’t any kind of mark. Joanie sits back down at her table.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You all saw what happened. He attacked me,” the Professor says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah yeah, we saw, Doomba,” says Armelio.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Excuse me?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You’re the Doomba; we all know you are.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What’s a Doomba?” I ask.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“If you asking, maybe you’re a Doomba, too!” Armelio looks mad. This is the first time I’ve seen it.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Huh,” Johnny breathes.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Craig ain’t no Doomba,” Bobby says. “He’s on the level.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Aren’t I the winner yet?” asks Ebony.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“How can you have so many buttons?” asks Armelio. “You’re not winning any hands!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It’s cuz I don’t over-bet,” Ebony says, leaning over, and a stream of buttons comes roaring out of her top.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Whoops!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">They keep coming—a mountain spilling over the ante pile. She starts laughing and laughing, showing us her very neat and clean gums while she howls: <span class="italic">“Ooooooh,</span> I <span class="italic">got you!</span> I got <span class="italic">alla you!”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“That’s it,” Armelio says, throwing down his cards. “Every Monday the card tournament always gets messed up! I quit!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Do you resign your position as President?” Bobby asks him.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Forget you, buddy!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">My tongue hurts from so much biting. It might not have been a regulation game, but it definitely had as many emotional ups-and-downs as the poker on TV. I clean up with Bobby and Joanie. Tonight, when I get in bed, I’m too busy wondering about what a Doomba is, and when Ebony stuck the buttons in her breasts, and what that even feels like, and Noelle and the fact that I get to see her tomorrow, to do anything but sleep.</span></p>
</div>  <div class="mbppagebreak" id="calibre_pb_45"></div></body></html>
