<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>It&amp;#8217;s Kind of a Funny Story</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
<link href="page_styles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>
  <body class="calibre">
<div class="calibre1">
<p id="filepos42765" class="calibre16"><span class="calibre17"><span class="bold"><a href=".html_split_003#filepos3432">three</a></span></span></p><div class="calibre18"> </div>
<p class="calibre10"><span class="calibre3">When I was four, this is how things were:</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Our family lived in a crappy apartment in Manhattan. I didn’t know it was crappy at the time, because I didn’t have our better apartment to compare it to yet. But there was exposed piping. That’s no good. You don’t want to raise your child in a house with exposed piping. I remember there was a green pipe and a red pipe and a white pipe, gathered near the corner of the hallway just before the bathroom, and as soon as I could walk I investigated them all, walked up to them and put my palm about two millimeters away from each one to test if it was hot or cold. One was cold, one was hot, and the red one was <span class="italic">really</span> hot. Two millimeters wasn’t enough. I burned myself on it and Dad, who hadn’t realized ("It must only get hot in the afternoon"), encased it in dark gray foam with duct tape, but duct tape never stopped me and I thought the foam was fun to pick at and chew so I picked it off and chewed it and then when other kids came over to my house I dared them to touch the re-exposed pipe; I told them anyone who came in <span class="italic">had</span> to touch it, otherwise they were a <span class="italic">pussy,</span> which was a word I learned from Dad watching TV, which I thought was great because it was a word with two meanings: the cat that girls liked and the thing you called people to make them do stuff. Just like <span class="italic">chicken</span> had two meanings: the bird that walked around and the white stuff you ate. Some people touched the hot pipe if you called them <span class="italic">chicken</span> as well.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I had my own room but I didn’t like to be alone in it; the only room I liked to be in was the living room, under the table that held all the encyclopedias. I made it my little fort; I put a blanket over me and worked in there, with a light that Dad rigged up. I worked on maps. I loved maps. I knew that we lived in Manhattan and I had a map of it, a Hagstrom Five Borough Atlas with all the streets laid out. I knew exactly where we lived, on the comer of 53rd Street and 3rd Avenue. Third Avenue was a yellow street because it was an avenue, big and long and important. Fifty-third Street was a little white street that went across Manhattan. The streets went sideways and the avenues went up-and-down; that was all you had to remember. (Dad helped me remember, too, when we went out for pancakes. He would ask, “Do you want them cut in streets and avenues, Craig?” And I’d go “Yes!” and he’d cut the stack of pancakes in a grid, and we’d name each street and avenue as we went along, making sure to get 3rd Ave. and 53rd Street.) It was so simple. If you were really advanced (like I was, <span class="italic">duh),</span> you knew that traffic on the even streets went east (East for Even) and the odd streets went west (West is Odd). Then, every bunch of streets, there were fat yellow streets, like the avenues, that went both ways. These were the famous streets: 42nd St., 34th St. The complete list from the bottom up was Chambers St., Canal St., Houston St., 14th St., 23rd St., 34th St., 42nd St., 57th St., 72nd St. (there wasn’t any big street in the 60s; they got shafted), 79th St., 86th St., 96th St., and then you were in Harlem, where Manhattan effectively ended for little white boys who made forts under encyclopedias and studied maps.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">As soon as I saw the Manhattan map, I wanted to draw it. I should be able to draw the place where I lived. So I asked Mom for tracing paper and she got it for me and I brought it into my fort and I pointed the light right down on the first map in the Hagstrom Atlas—downtown, where Wall Street was and the stock market worked. The streets were crazy down there; they didn’t have any kind of streets and avenues; they just had names and they looked like a game of Pick-Up Sticks. But before I could even worry about the streets, I had to get the land right. Manhattan was actually built on land. Sometimes when they were digging up the streets you saw it down there—real dirt! And the land had a certain curve to it at the bottom of the island, like a dinosaur head, bumpy on the right and straight on the left, a swooping majestic bottom.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I held my tracing paper down and tried to trace the line of lower Manhattan.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I couldn’t do it.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I mean, it was ridiculous. My line didn’t have anything to do with the real one. I didn’t understand—I was holding the tracing paper steady. I looked at my small hand. “Stay still,” I told it. I crumpled up the paper and tried again.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">The line wasn’t right again. It didn’t have the swoop.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I crumpled up the paper and tried again.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">This line was even worse than before. Manhattan looked square.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I tried again.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Oh boy, now it looked like a duck.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">Crumple.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Now it looked like a <span class="italic">turd,</span> another word I picked up from Dad.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">Crumple.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Now it looked like a piece of fruit.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">It looked like everything but what it was supposed to look like: Manhattan. I couldn’t do it. I didn’t realize then that when you trace stuff you’re supposed to have a tracing <span class="italic">table,</span> lighted from below, and clamps to hold the paper straight, not a trembling four-year-old hand, so I just thought I was a failure. They always said on TV you could do anything you wanted, but here I was trying to do something and it wasn’t working. I would never be able to do it. I crumpled up the last piece of tracing paper and started sobbing, my head in my hands in my fort.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Mom heard me.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Craig?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What? Go away.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What’s wrong, honey?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Don’t open the curtain! <span class="italic">Don’t open it!</span> I have things in here.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Why are you crying? What’s the matter?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I can’t do it.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What’s the matter?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Nothing!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Tell Mommy, c’mon. I’m going to open the blanket—”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I jumped at her face as she pulled the blanket aside, bringing it taut under the encyclopedias. Mom threw her hands up and held the books in place, saving both of us from getting clobbered. (A week later, she’d have Dad move the encyclopedias.) With her occupied, I ran across the room, streaking tears, wanting to get to the bathroom, to sit down on the toilet with the light off and splash hot water on my face. But Mom was too quick. She shoved the encyclopedias back and loped across the room, swooping me up in her thin arms with the elbow skin that you could pull down. I beat my palms against her.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Craig! We do <span class="italic">not</span> hit Mommy!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I can’t do it I can’t do it I <span class="italic">can’t do it!”</span> I hit her.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">“What?”</span> She hugged me tight so I had no room to hit. <span class="italic">“What</span> can’t you do?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">“I can’t draw Manhattan! “</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Huh?” Mom drew her face up and away from me, looked me in the eyes. “Is <span class="italic">that</span> what you were trying to do down there?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I nodded, sniffled.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You were trying to trace Manhattan with the tracing paper I bought you?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I can’t do it.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Craig, <span class="italic">no one</span> can.” She laughed. “You can’t just trace freehand. It’s impossible!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Then how do they make the maps?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Mom paused.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“See? See? Someone can do it!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“They have <span class="italic">equipment,</span> Craig. They’re grown-ups and they have special tools that they use.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Well I need those tools.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Craig.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Let’s buy them.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Honey.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Do they cost a lot of money?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Honey.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Mom put me down on the sofa, which turned into a bed for her and Dad at night, and sat next to me. I wasn’t crying anymore. I wasn’t hitting anymore. My brain was all right back then; it didn’t get stuck in ruts.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Craig,” she sighed, looked at me. “I have an idea. Instead of spending your time trying to trace maps of Manhattan, why don’t you make your own maps of <span class="italic">imaginary</span> places?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">And that was the closest I’ve ever come to an epiphany.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I could make up my own city. I could use my own streets. I could put a river where I wanted. I could put the ocean where I wanted. I could put the bridges where I wanted and I could put a big highway right across the middle of town, like Manhattan should have but didn’t. I could make my own sub- way system. I could make my own street names. I could have my own grid stretching off to the edges of the map. I smiled and hugged Mom.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">She got me some thick paper—white construction paper. Later on I grew to prefer straight com-puter paper. I went back under my fort and turned the light on and started on my first map. And I did that for the next five years—whenever I was in class, I didn’t doodle, I drew maps. Hundreds of them. When I finished, I crumpled them; it was making them that was important. I did cities on the ocean, cities with two rivers meeting in the middle, cities with one big river that bent, cities with bridges, crazy interchanges, circles and boulevards. I made cities. That made me happy. That was my Anchor. And until I turned nine and turned to video games, that was what I wanted to be when I grew up: a mapmaker.</span></p>
</div>  <div class="mbppagebreak" id="calibre_pb_7"></div></body></html>
