<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>It&amp;#8217;s Kind of a Funny Story</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
<link href="page_styles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>
  <body class="calibre">
<div class="calibre1">
<p id="filepos737961" class="calibre16"><span class="calibre17"><span class="bold"><a href=".html_split_003#filepos11126">forty-six</a></span></span></p><div class="calibre18"> </div>
<p class="calibre10"><span class="calibre3">Six North doesn’t need a PA system, because of President Armelio, but it does have one, used regularly for the simple and rhythmic messages of “Lunch is served,” “Medication,” and “All smokers to the smoking lounge; smokers, get your smokes.” This afternoon it pipes up with a longer message, courtesy of Monica.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Ladies and gentlemen, this afternoon our patient Craig Gilner, who is leaving tomorrow, is going to be drawing his artwork for everyone on the floor. If you’d like your own personal piece of Craig’s art, come to the end of the hallway by the dining room. End of the dining-room hallway, five minutes. Have fun!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I sit down in the backmost chair, by the window that peers out over the avenue that crosses the street I live on, so close to my real life. I look over at my conference chair where I meet with my parents and Noelle. I have a second chair set up in front of me as an art desk, with stacks of board games on it and a chessboard on top. It’s a little flimsy, but it’ll do.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">President Armelio is first to approach. He strides up, barrel-chested and sure of himself, like a torpedo.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Hey, buddy, this is great! You gonna make me one of your heads with the maps inside?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“That’s right.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Well let’s go, buddy. I ain’t got all day!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Right. Armelio is going to have to be done fast because he <span class="italic">is</span> fast. I sketch the outline of his head and shoulders without a second thought and start in on his brain map. Highways, that’s what Armelio has in his head—six-lane highways running parallel, streaking through a city, with purpose and minimal on-ramps. He doesn’t have any quiet little streets or parks; it’s highways and a grid, and no rivers either. The highways hardly even connect because Armelio doesn’t mix up his thoughts; he has one and does it and then he moves on to the next. It’s a great way to live. Especially when the biggest thought is wanting to play cards. Cards have to be represented in Armelio’s brain somewhere. So I sketch some streets into an ace of spades right in the middle—it’s not a <span class="italic">great</span> ace of spades, but Armelio gets it.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Spades! Buddy, I <span class="italic">crush</span> you in spades.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I put my initials on it, big and bold, “CG” like “computer-generated. “</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m gonna keep this, for real,” Armelio says. “You a good guy, Craig.” He shakes my hand. “You want my number for when you go?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Sure.” I take out a piece of paper.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It’s an adult home,” Armelio says. “You’re gonna have to ask for Spyros, which is my other name.” He gives me the number and moves aside, and there’s Ebony, with her cane and her velvet pants, smacking her lips.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I <span class="italic">heard ..</span>. that you were making your brains for people,” she says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“That’s right! And you know who the first person who said they were brains was?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Me!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Absolutely. Now, look” —I gesture at my stack of work on the floor—"now I’ve got all this.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“So I get paid, right?” Ebony laughs.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Not quite; I haven’t really made it yet. As an artist.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I know. It’s tough.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“So you just get a brain map for yourself, okay?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Good!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I trace her head freehand, looking at her, not the paper. I look down and it’s pretty good. Ebony’s brain … what’s in there? A lot of circles, for all the buttons she stole. She was a nut with those buttons. Didn’t mess around. Quite a schemer. And with all of her gambling skill, she needs to have a Strip, like Vegas. So I get a big boulevard in the middle and lots of traffic circles around it, with circular parks, circular malls, little circle lakes. It comes out looking less like a city and more like a necklace with a central band and tons of bunched-up jewels hanging off.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It’s pretty!” she says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“And you’re done.” I hand it to her.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You like doing these, huh?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah. It helps, you know . . . with my depression. I came in here with depression.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Imagine having depression when you were <span class="italic">eleven years old,”</span> Ebony says. “If all my children were in this hall, this hall would be full up, I tell you.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You have kids?” I ask, keeping my voice down.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I had thirteen miscarriages,” she says. “Imagine that.” And she looks at me without any of the humor or attitude that she usually puts on, just with big wide eyes and empty questions.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m so sorry,” I say.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I know. I know you are. That’s the thing.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Ebony shuffles away showing off her portrait ("That’s me! See? Me!"); she doesn’t leave a phone number. Humble is next.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“All right, man, what kinda scam you got going on here?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It’s nothing.” I start in on Humble’s bald head. Bald heads are easy. You know, if I had to right now, I think I could handle the lower tip of Manhattan. I look at Humble. He raises his eyebrows at me. “Make me look good, all right?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I laugh. Inside Humble’s head is industrial chaos.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I don’t make any small blocks, just big ones—the kind of blocks where you’d find lumber shops and factories and bars where Humble would hang out at and work. I put the ocean in there, to represent his hometown, Bensonhurst, which borders the ocean, where he hooked up with all those girls way back when. Then I splash it with highways, erasing the streets and putting them over the top, throwing in crazy interchanges for no reason, making the whole thing look violent and random, but also powerful and true—the kind of mind that could come up with some great stuff if you harnessed it right. When I’m done, I look up.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I guess it’s okay.” He shrugs.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I chuckle. “Thanks, Humble.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I want you to remember me,” he says. “No joke. When you’re a big-time artist or whatever, you gotta invite me to one of the parties.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It’s a deal,” I say. “But how am I going to be in touch?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Oh, right—I got a number!” Humble says. “I’m gonna be staying in Seaside Paradise; it’s the same home that Armelio is going to, but I’m going to be on a different floor.” He gives me the number; I put it on the same sheet as Armelio’s.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You’re not gonna be in touch,” Humble says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I will,” I say.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No you won’t; I can tell. But it’s okay. You have a lot going for you. Just don’t burn out again.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">We shake hands. Up next is Noelle.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Hey, girl!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Don’t you dare start calling me that. This is very nice of you to do.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Least I could do. They’re all such cool people.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You’re like a celebrity now. Everyone wants to know if I’m your girlfriend.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“And what do you tell them?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“’No!’And then I walk away.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Good call.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“So what are you trying to pull? You already made one of these for me. You just said it wasn’t finished.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I pull out the one I made for her, with the guy and girl connected by the bridge, and write my phone number on the back of it.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Oh my <span class="italic">gosh.”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">“Now</span> it’s done.” I smile, standing up. I lean in and whisper: “It took me like twice as long as any of the others. And I’ll make you an ever better one when I get out—”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">She pushes me away. “Yeah, like I want your stupid art.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You <span class="italic">do.”</span> I lean back. “I saw how you looked at it before.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’ll keep it to make you feel good,” she says. “That’s <span class="italic">it.”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Fine.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">She leans in and kisses my cheek. “Thank you, for real.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You’re welcome. Hey, what are you doing tonight?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Well … I thought I’d be hanging out in the psych hospital. What about you?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’ve got big plans,” I say. “We’ve got a movie coming in—”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Right, I’m not seeing that stupid movie.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I know.” I drop to a whisper. “But when it’s halfway done, do you want to meet in my room?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You’re kidding.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No. Seriously.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Your roommate will be there! He’s always there!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Trust me. Come to the room.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Are you going to try and make out with me?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“If you must know? Yes.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I appreciate your honesty. We’ll see.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I give her a hug; she holds the brain map with her hands wrapped around me. “And I already have your number,” I say.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You don’t get any second chances if you lose it,” she says. “I don’t give that number out twice.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I take a quick wanting look at her as we pull away from each other and she moves off to the side.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Bobby is next.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Who’s that behind you?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Huh, who do you think?” Johnny answers.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Come on up together, guys. I’ll do you both at once.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Cool,” Bobby says, standing off to the side. Johnny stands next to him and I start drawing them, their shaggy hair and baggy clothing making for great outlines.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“So he’s <span class="italic">drawin’</span> us?” Johnny asks Bobby.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Be quiet, all right?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Where did you guys hang out?” I ask Bobby, not looking up from the paper. “Back when you were garbage-heads?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What? You’re gonna draw that?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No.” I look up. “I’m just curious. What neighborhood?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It was the Lower East Side, but don’t draw the Lower East Side,” says Bobby. “I don’t want to go back there.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“All right, fair enough. Where do you want to live?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“On the Upper East Side, with all the rich people,” Bobby answers.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Huh, me too,” says Johnny.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Wait, no, you’re getting a guitar,” I say.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Oh, cool.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I start on Bobby’s and Johnny’s brains. With Johnny, it’s fun to do a guitar in a street grid—some diagonal streets meeting for the body and then a big wide boulevard for the neck, a park for the head. Then I turn to Bobby. I know the Upper East Side pretty well; it’s in Manhattan and the big thing that it has is Central Park, so I draw that on the inside left of his head. Then I put in the stately grid of rich streets. I know the Guggenheim Museum is somewhere up there; I mark that with an arrow And then I put an “X” right next to it, on a corner where an apartment probably costs $20 million, and write <span class="italic">Bobby’</span>s <span class="italic">pad.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Bobby’s pad! That’s right! That’s where I’m headed.” He raises his arms. “Movin’on up.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Enjoy.” I hand them the piece.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Who gets what?” Johnny asks. “You want us to rip it apart?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No, man, we’re supposed to keep it together because we’re <span class="italic">friends,”</span> says Bobby. “I’ll make a photocopy.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Where’s the photocopy machine in here?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“There isn’t one! I’ll do it when I get out.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Where’s that gonna leave me?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“With a copy!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I don’t want a copy!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Would you listen to this guy? Nothing’s good enough for him—”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Hey, Bobby,” I interrupt. “Any way I can get yours and Johnny’s phone numbers to talk to you after you leave?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Johnny starts to say something, but Bobby leans in and stops him: “It’s not a good idea, Craig.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What? Why?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">He sighs. “I’ve been in and out of this place a lot, right?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“There are good things about this place; I mean, the food is the best around; there are good people here . . . but it’s still not a place to meet people.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Why not? I met you guys and you’re really cool!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah, well, all the worse, then, when you try to call me or Johnny up and find out that we’ve OD’ed, or been shot, or come back here even worse, or just disappeared.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“That’s a pretty negative view.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’ve seen it before. You just remember us, okay? We meet in the outside world, it just ruins it. You’ll be embarrassed of me and I . . .” He smiles. “… I might be embarrassed of me, too. And I might be embarrassed of <span class="italic">you,</span> if you don’t keep your stuff together.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Thanks. You sure no numbers?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Bobby shakes my hand. “If we need to, we’ll meet.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Johnny shakes my hand. “What he said.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">The last guy in line is Jimmy.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I tell you, what’d I say? You play those numbers—”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It’ll come to ya!” I answer.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">“It the truth!”</span> He grins.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Ah, Jimmy. What’s in Jimmy’s brain? Chaos. I do up his nearly bald head and shoulders and then start putting the most complicated, unnecessary, wild highways through him from ear to ear. I connect them in intricate spaghetti ramps. In one nexus, five highways meet; I have to erase and redraw the ramps a few times. Then I put in the grid—a grid laid out by a hyperactive designer, with blocks going in all different directions. When Jimmy’s brain map is done it might look the best—a catalog of a schizophrenic mind, but one that works somehow.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Here you go,” I tell him. He’s sitting in a seat that he took next to me to watch me work.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It’ll come to ya!” he says, and takes the map. I want him to finally open up, to call me Craig, to tell me that we came in together, but he’s still Jimmy— his vocabulary is still limited.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">We sit back in our respective chairs; I doze off a bit. Making art on demand is tiring. But the last thing I see before I go to sleep is Jimmy unfolding his brain map next to me and comparing with Ebony, who says <span class="italic">of course hers is a lot prettier.</span> That’s not a bad thing to go to sleep to.</span></p>
</div>  <div class="mbppagebreak" id="calibre_pb_58"></div></body></html>
