<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>It&amp;#8217;s Kind of a Funny Story</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
<link href="page_styles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>
  <body class="calibre">
<div class="calibre1">
<p id="filepos263899" class="calibre16"><span class="calibre17"><span class="bold"><a href=".html_split_003#filepos5654">sixteen</a></span></span></p><div class="calibre18"> </div>
<p class="calibre10"><span class="calibre3">“Hello.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Hi, is this the Suicide Hotline?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“This is the Brooklyn Anxiety Management Center.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Oh, um . . .”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“We work with the Samaritans. We handle New York Suicide Hotline calls when they overflow. This is Keith speaking.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“So the Suicide Hotline is too <span class="italic">busy</span> right now?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yes—it’s Friday night. This is our busiest time.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Great. I’m common even in suicide.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What seems to, ah, be the problem?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I really, just… I’m very depressed and I want to kill myself.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Uh-huh. What’s your name?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Ah . . .” <span class="italic">Need-a-fake-name, need-a-fake-name:</span> “Scott.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“And how old are you, Scott?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Fifteen.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“And why do you want to kill yourself?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m clinically depressed, you know. I mean, I’m not just . . . down or whatever. I started this new school and I can’t handle it. It’s gotten to a point where it’s the worst it’s ever been and I just don’t want to deal with it anymore.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You say you’re clinically depressed. Are you taking medication?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I was taking Zoloft.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“And what happened?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I stopped taking it.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Ah. That’s probably, you know, a bad idea.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Keith sounds like he’s just getting started with this whole counseling thing. I picture a thin college-age guy with wire-rim glasses at a desk lit up with a small reading lamp, looking out the window, nodding at the good deeds he’s doing.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“A lot of people run into problems when they, y’know, stop taking their medication.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Well, whatever the reason, I just really can’t handle it right now.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Do you have a plan for how you would kill yourself?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yes. I’d jump off the Brooklyn Bridge.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I hear Keith typing something.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Well, Scott, we aren’t the suicide hotline, but if you like, we have a five-step exercise for managing anxiety. Would you like to try it?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Um . . . sure.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Can you get a pen and a piece of paper?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I go to the drawers in the dining room and get a pencil and paper. I take it to the bathroom and sit on the toilet with Keith. The light’s on.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“First, okay? Write down an event that happened to you. That you experienced.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Any event?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“That’s right.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Okay …” I write on the piece of paper Ate <span class="italic">pizza last week.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Do you have it?” Keith asks.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yes.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Now, write down, ah, how you <span class="italic">felt</span> about that event.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Okay.” I write: <span class="italic">Felt</span>
<span class="italic">good, full.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Now write down any ‘shoulds’or ‘woulds’that you felt about the event.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Like what?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Things that you regret about it, things that you feel would have made it go better.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Wait, uh, I don’t think I have the right kind of event.” I furiously erase my first statement, which is marked <span class="italic">I</span>. Instead of Ate <span class="italic">pizza,</span> I put down <span class="italic">Threw up</span> Mom’s <span class="italic">squash</span> and then for 2, I write <span class="italic">Felt like I wanted to kill myself,</span> all the while telling Keith to hold on, I messed up.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Just put down ‘shoulds’and ‘woulds,’” he reassures me.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Well, I <span class="italic">should</span> have held down the squash and I <span class="italic">would</span> have been full if I had. I put that down.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Now put down <span class="italic">only what you actually had to do</span> in the event.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What I <span class="italic">had</span> to do?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Right. Because there are no such things as shoulds and woulds in the universe.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“There aren’t?” I’m starting to suspect Keith a bit. For someone in Anxiety Management, he’s giving me an exercise that is fairly confusing and anxiety-provoking.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No,” he says. “There are only things that <span class="italic">could have turned out differently.</span> You don’t have any shoulds or woulds in your life, see? You only have things that could have gone a different way.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Ah.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You never know what truly would have happened if you had done your shoulds and woulds. Your life might have turned out worse, isn’t that possible?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I don’t see how it’s really possible, seeing as I’m on the phone with you.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What you really have in life are <span class="italic">needs,</span> and you only have three needs: food, water, and shelter.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">And <span class="italic">air,</span> I think. <span class="italic">And friends. And money. And your mind.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“So the next step in the process is to put down only what you actually <span class="italic">had</span> to do in your event, and then compare it to the shoulds and woulds you assigned yourself.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“How many steps are in this thing?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Five. The fifth is the most important. We’re at four.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You know, I really, um—” I look at the piece of paper, covered with half-erased scribblings about pizza and squash. “—I think I should talk to the Suicide Hotline people because I still feel really . . . bad.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“All right,” Keith sighs.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I’m worried that he thinks he’s done a bad job, so I tell him: “It’s okay. You’ve been really helpful.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It’s tough with young people,” he says. “It’s just tough. Have you called 1-800-SUICIDE?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">1-800-SUICIDE! Of course!</span> I should’ve known. This is America. Everyone has a 1-800 number.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“That’s Helpline, they’re national. Then there’s Local Suicide Watch …” Keith gives another number.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Thanks.” I write them both down. “Thanks so much.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You’re welcome, Scott,” he says. I hit OFF— these are the first calls I’ve made not on the cell phone in a long time—and type in 1-800-SUICIDE.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">It’s really convenient that suicide has seven letters, I think.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Hello,” a woman answers.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Hi, I …” I give her the rap, just like I gave Keith. This woman’s name is Maritsa.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“So you stopped taking your Zoloft?” she asks.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yes.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You know, you should be on that for … a couple months, really.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I <span class="italic">was</span> on it for a couple months.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Some people stay on it for years. At least four to nine months.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Well, I know, but I felt better.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Okay, so how do you feel right now?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I want to kill myself.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Okay, Scott, now, you know you’re very young and you sound very accomplished.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Thanks.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I know high school can be tough.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It’s not that tough. I just can’t handle it.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Are your parents aware of how you’re feeling?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“They know I’m bad. They’re asleep right now.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Where are you?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m in the bathroom.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“At your house?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yes.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You live with them?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You know, when you want to commit suicide, we consider that a medical emergency. Did you know that?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Ah, an emergency.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“If you feel like that, you need to go to the hospital, okay?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I do?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yes, you go right to the emergency room and they’ll take care of you. They know just how to handle it.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">The emergency room? I haven’t been in the emergency room since I got clipped by a sled and knocked myself out in the park in grade school. Blood was coming out of one ear, and when I woke up it was like I’d slept for three days and I wasn’t quite sure what year it was. They kept me overnight, sent me through an MRI to make sure my brain wasn’t dented, and sent me home.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Are you going to go to the emergency room, Scott?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Ah…”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Would you like us to call 911 for you? If you’re unable to get to the emergency room, we can send an ambulance for you.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No, no! That’s not necessary.” I do <span class="italic">not</span> need the neighbors seeing me carted off. Besides, I never realized, but I’m <span class="italic">right</span> next to a hospital. It’s two blocks away—a tall gray building with big tanks of frozen oxygen out front and construction vehicles constantly adding new wings. Argenon Hospital. I can walk there from here. It might even feel good. And once I get there, I won’t have to do anything. I’ll just tell them what’s wrong with me and they’ll give me medicine. Probably they’ll give me some kind of new pill—maybe they’ve invented that fast-acting Zoloft by now—and I’ll come right back home. Mom and Dad won’t even know.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Scott?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m going. I have to . . .”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You have to put on your clothes?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Right.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“That’s great. That’s wonderful. You’re doing the right thing.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Okay.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You’re very young. We don’t want to lose you. You’re being very strong right now.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Thanks.” I find my shoes. No, pants first. I put on my khaki pants. The only shoes I can find are my dress shoes, worn to Dr. Minerva’s office this afternoon, a lifetime ago. They’re Rockports, shiny and beveled.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Are you still there?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah, I’m just getting my hoodie.” I pull it off the hook and flip it on. I grab the phone again.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Okay.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You’re very brave, Scott.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Thanks.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You’re going to the hospital, right? What hospital?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Argenon.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“They’re wonderful there. I’m proud of you, Scott. This is the right thing to do.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Thank you, Maritsa. Thank you.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I hang up the phone and walk out the door. Jordan comes toddling out just as I’m leaving, cocks his head at me. He doesn’t bark.</span></p>
<div class="mbppagebreak" id="calibre_pb_22"></div></div>  </body></html>
