<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>It&amp;#8217;s Kind of a Funny Story</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
<link href="page_styles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>
  <body class="calibre">
<div class="calibre1">
<p id="filepos618981" class="calibre16"><span class="calibre17"><span class="bold"><a href=".html_split_003#filepos9742">thirty-eight</a></span></span></p><div class="calibre18"> </div>
<p class="calibre10"><span class="calibre3">When Neil’s guitar is packed up he comes over.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Good job with those drum fills.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah. I haven’t seen you before. What’s your name?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Craig.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You had good rhythm; you got people moving. Ah, I hope you don’t mind me asking this but . . . why are you here? You seem pretty, you know, <span class="italic">good.”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I have depression,” I say. “I had it really bad. I’m getting out in two days.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Great, wonderful, that’s great to hear. I have a lot of friends with that.” He nods at me. “Once you’re out, do you ever think you might consider … volunteering in a place like this?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Volunteering with what?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Well, do you play instruments?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You probably could. You have a good musical sense.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Thanks. I do art.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What kind of art?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I lead him out of the activity center past the nurses’station and the phone, to my room, where Muqtada is in bed.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Craig, I hear you all in music room,” he says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You should have come.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Neil smiles at him: “Hello.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Hm.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I pull my stack of my brain maps out for Neil. “I do these.” I give him a whole armful, maybe fifteen of the best of them by now. The one on top is a duo, a guy and girl with a bridge connecting the cities in their minds.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“These are <span class="italic">cool”</span> Neil says. He flips through them. “Have you done these for a long time?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“That depends,” I say. “Ten years or a couple days, depending on how you count it.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Can I have one?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I don’t know if I can give them away for free.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Ha! Listen, for real, here’s my card.” Neil pulls out a simple black-and-white business card that identifies him as a <span class="italic">Guitar Therapist.</span> “Whenever you’re out of here, and I’m sure it’ll be soon, give me a call and we can talk about volunteering, and—I’m serious—I might like to buy some of these. How old are you? You should be on the teen floor, right, but they’re renovating?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m young,” I say.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m glad you came here and got the help you needed,” Neil says, and he shakes my hand in that way that people do in here to remind themselves that you’re the patient and they’re the doctor/ volunteer/employee. They like you, and they genuinely want you to do better, but when they shake your hand you feel that distance, that slight disconnect because they know that you’re still broken somewhere, that you might snap at any moment.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Neil leaves the room and I spend the rest of the day drawing and playing cards with Armelio. Around one-thirty I call Mom, tell her about the sing-along and the card tournament and how I danced, and she affirms that I’m sounding better and that she heard from Dr. Mahmoud that Thursday is a solid day and she and Dad will be ready when it’s time to pick me up. Even though it’s only a few blocks back to my house, they have to pick me up in person.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">In the late afternoon, while I’m playing spit with Armelio and getting crushed, Smitty pops in and tells me I have a visitor.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I know it’s not Mom or Dad or Sarah; they’re coming tomorrow for one last time, when Dad brings <span class="italic">Blade II.</span> I<span class="italic"></span> hope to God it isn’t Aaron or one of his friends.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">It’s Nia.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I see her through the big window in the dining room, looking like she’s been crying or she’s about to cry, or both. She comes slinking timidly down the hall and I walk away from Armelio without a word to go up to her.</span></p>
</div>  <div class="mbppagebreak" id="calibre_pb_49"></div></body></html>
