<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>It&amp;#8217;s Kind of a Funny Story</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
<link href="page_styles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>
  <body class="calibre">
<div class="calibre1">
<p id="filepos405" class="calibre6"><span class="calibre7"><span class="italic">To my mom</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre2"><span class="calibre3">You knew you’d get one sooner or later, and seeing as they’re so hard to do, I figured we’d better make it sooner. I love you.</span></p><div class="calibre8"> </div>
<p class="calibre9"><span class="calibre3">If you purchased this book without a cover, you should be aware that this book is stolen property. It was reported as “unsold and destroyed” to the publisher, and neither the author nor the publisher has received any payment for this “stripped” book.</span></p><div class="calibre5"> </div>
<p class="calibre9"><span class="calibre3">This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events or locales or persons, living or dead, is coincidental.</span></p><div class="calibre5"> </div>
<p class="calibre9"><span class="calibre3">Text copyright © 2006 by Ned Vizzini</span></p><div class="calibre5"> </div>
<p class="calibre9"><span class="calibre3">All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system, without written permission from the publisher. For information address Hyperion Books for Children, 114 Fifth Avenue, New York, New York 10011-5690.</span></p><div class="calibre5"> </div>
<p class="calibre10"><span class="calibre3">Printed in the United States of America<br class="calibre1"/> First Hyperion Paperbacks edition with film art, 2010<br class="calibre1"/>1 3 5 7 9 10 8 6 4 2</span></p>
<p class="calibre10"><span class="calibre3">Library of Congress Cataloging-in-Publication data on file.<br class="calibre1"/>eISBN 13: 978-1-4231-4108-2<br class="calibre1"/>ISBN 10: 0-7868-5197-X</span></p>
<p class="calibre9"><span class="calibre3">Visit <a href="http://www.hyperionteens.com">www.hyperionteens.com</a> and <a href="http://www.nedvizzini.com">www.nedvizzini.com</a></span></p><div class="calibre5"> </div>
</div>  <div class="mbppagebreak" id="calibre_pb_2"></div></body></html>
