<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>It&amp;#8217;s Kind of a Funny Story</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
<link href="page_styles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>
  <body class="calibre">
<div class="calibre1">
<p id="filepos807691" class="calibre16"><span class="calibre17"><span class="bold"><a href=".html_split_003#filepos11886">fifty</a></span></span></p><div class="calibre18"> </div>
<p class="calibre10"><span class="calibre3">Mom and Dad are dressed up to bring me out; I’m wearing what I wore all the time in here—some khaki pants and my tie-dyed T-shirt and my dressy shoes, my Rockports, the ones that people complimented me on every so often, that made me feel like a <span class="italic">professional</span> patient. Mom never brought a change of clothes.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">They’re here early because Dad has to work; he wanted to see me before he left. Mom is staying home today to see that I’m all right. Then, tomorrow, Friday, I’m back at school, but with the official notice that I can pop into the nurse’s office at any time if I feel depressed. I don’t really have to go to class for the next week; that’s school policy. I’m <span class="italic">encouraged</span> to go but they don’t want to overwhelm me. It’s a good deal.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">It’s 7:45 A.M. I’ve taken my last vitals—120/80— and I’m standing at the crux of the hall by the nurses’office, looking at the double doors I came in five days ago. It <span class="italic">seems</span> like five days; it doesn’t seem too long or too short; it <span class="italic">seems</span> like I spent the time here that I really spent. People are always talking about <span class="italic">real-time</span>—real-time stock quotes, real-time information, real-time news—but in here I think I had real-time real time.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Armelio shakes my hand a final time.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Good luck, buddy.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Humble says I should stay in a little longer.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You’re gonna lose it on the outside, man.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Bobby mumbles at me. It’s too early for him.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">The Professor tells me to keep doing my art.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Smitty says he heard from Neil that I was thinking of volunteering and he hopes to see me sometime.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Jimmy ignores me completely.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Ebony says to be careful of liars and cheats and to always respect children.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Noelle pops out of her room at 7:50, just as breakfast is rolling in and my parents are stepping out of the nurses’office where they were signing papers.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m out in the afternoon,” she says. She’s wear ing sweatpants and a T-shirt. “Call me tonight?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Sure.” I touch her number in my pocket, next to her two notes that I saved.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“How are you feeling?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m feeling like I can handle it.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Me too.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You’re a really cool girl,” I say.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You’re kind of a dork, but with potential,” she says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“That’s all I’m trying for.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Craig?” Mom asks.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Oh, hey guys, ah, this is Noelle. We got to be friends in here.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I saw you last night,” Dad says, shaking her hand.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“A pleasure to meet you,” says Mom. Neither of them takes a second look at the cuts on her face. My parents have some class.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Good to meet you too,” she says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Are you still in high school?” Dad asks.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Delfin,” she says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“A lot of pressure, huh,” says Mom.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I think they might have to change the whole system. Look, two people like you, smart young people, sent in here because of pressure.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Mom.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m serious. I’m going to write my congressper-son about it.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Mom.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’ll go,” Noelle says. “See you Craig.” And she dips her leg up behind her as she turns away and flicks a wave at me—<span class="italic">that counts as a kiss,</span> I think. <span class="italic">If my parents weren’t here that would be a kiss.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Are you ready?” Mom asks.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah. Bye, everybody!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Wait!” From down the hall, Muqtada moves forward as fast as he allows himself to, which isn’t very fast, sort of like a speed walk, and hands me the record.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Thank you, Craig. This boy, your son,” he turns to my parents, “he has helped me.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Thank you,” Mom and Dad say.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I hug Muqtada and take in his smell one last time. “Good luck, man.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“As you go through life, you think of me and hope that I am better.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I will.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">We separate and Muqtada migrates toward the dining room and the smell of food.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I look at my parents. “Let’s go.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">It’s incredibly simple. The nurses open the doors for us and there I am outside, looking at the <span class="italic">“Shhhhhhhh!</span> Healing in Progress” poster I saw when I came in. The bank of elevators stand sentry in front of us.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Guys,” I tell them. “Can you go home yourselves, and I’ll walk after you in like one minute?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Why? Are you okay?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I just want to walk by myself a little.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Think things over?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You’re not feeling . . . bad?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No. I just want to walk home myself.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“We’ll take your stuff.” They grab the bag of old clothes and art I had with me, plus the record; wave, and take the next elevator down.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I wait for thirty seconds before hitting the button myself.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I’m not better, you know. The weight hasn’t left my head. I feel how easily I could fall back into it, lie down and not eat, waste my time and curse wasting my time, look at my homework and freak out and go and chill at Aaron’s, look at Nia and be jealous again, take the subway home and hope that it has an accident, go and get my bike and head to the Brooklyn Bridge. All of that is still there. The only thing is, it’s not an option now. It’s just… a possibility, like it’s a possibility that I could turn to dust in the next instant and be disseminated throughout the universe as an omniscient consciousness. It’s not a very likely possibility.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I get in the elevator. It’s big and shiny. There’s a lot to look at in the real world.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I don’t know what I’m going to do today, still. I’m probably going to go home, sort through my art, and then call everybody I know and tell them that I’m going to be switching schools and from now on they should reach me by phone instead of e-mail. But I also might go to the park—how come I never go to the park?—and throw a ball around with whatever kids are out there. Or a Frisbee. It’s a real day outside. There’s actual weather out there.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I walk through the lobby. The smells! Coffee and muffins and flowers and scented candles from the gift shop. Why does Argenon Hospital have a gift shop? I guess everybody has to have a gift shop.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I step out onto the sidewalk.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I’m a free man. Well, I’m a minor, but one quarter of your life is spent as a minor; you might as well make the best of it. I’m a free minor.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I breathe. It’s a spring day. The air is like a sheet billowing down on me in slow motion.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I haven’t cured anything, but something seismic is happening in me. I feel my body wrapped up and slapped on top of my spine. I feel the heart that beat early in the morning on Saturday and told me I didn’t want to die. I feel the lungs that have been doing their work quietly inside the hospital. I feel the hands that can make art and touch girls—<span class="italic">think of all the took you have.</span> I feel the feet that can let me run anywhere I want, into to the park and out of it and down to my bike to go all over Brooklyn and Manhattan too, once I convince my mom. I feel my stomach and liver and all that mushy stuff that’s in there handling food, happy to be back in use. But most of all I feel my brain, up there taking in blood and looking out on the world and noticing humor and light and smells and dogs and every other thing in the world—everything in my life is all in my brain, really, so it would be natural that when my brain was screwed up, everything in my life would be.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I feel my brain on top of my spine and I feel it shift a little bit to the left.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">That’s it. It happens in my brain once the rest of my body has moved. I don’t know where my brain went. It got knocked off-kilter somewhere. It got caught up in some crap it couldn’t deal with. But now it’s back—connected to my spine and ready to take charge.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Jeez, why was I trying to kill myself?</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">It’s a huge thing, this Shift, just as big as I imagined. My brain doesn’t want to <span class="italic">think</span> anymore; all of a sudden it wants to do.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Run. Eat. Drink. Eat more. Don’t throw up. Instead, take a piss. Then take a crap. Wipe your butt. Make a phone call. Open a door. Ride your bike. Ride in a car. Ride in a subway. Talk. Talk to people. Read. Read maps. Make maps. Make art. Talk about your art. Sell your art. Take a test. Get into a school. Celebrate. Have a party. Write a thank-you note to someone. Hug your mom. Kiss your dad. Kiss your little sister. Make out with Noelle. Make out with her more. Touch her. Hold her hand. Take her out somewhere. Meet her friends. Run down a street with her. Take her on a picnic. Eat with her. See a movie with her. See a movie with Aaron. Heck, see a movie with Nia, once you’re cool with her. Get cool with more people. Drink coffee in little coffee-drinking places. Tell people your story. Volunteer. Go back to Six North. Walk in as a volunteer and say hi to everyone who waited on you as a patient. Help people. Help people like Bobby. Get people books and music that they want when they’re in there. Help people like Muqtada. Show them how to draw. Draw more. Try drawing a landscape. Try drawing a person. Try drawing a naked person. Try drawing Noelle naked. Travel. Fly. Swim. Meet. Love. Dance. Win. Smile. Laugh. Hold. Walk. Skip. Okay, it’s gay, whatever, skip.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Ski. Sled. Play basketball. Jog. Run. Run. Run. Run home. Run home and enjoy. Enjoy. Take these verbs and enjoy them. They’re yours, Craig. You deserve them because you chose them. You could have left them all behind but you chose to stay here.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">So now live for real, Craig. Live. Live. Live. Live.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Live.</span></p>
</div>  <div class="mbppagebreak" id="calibre_pb_63"></div></body></html>
