<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>It&amp;#8217;s Kind of a Funny Story</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
<link href="page_styles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>
  <body class="calibre">
<div class="calibre1">
<p id="filepos611775" class="calibre16"><span class="calibre17"><span class="bold"><a href=".html_split_003#filepos9583">thirty-seven</a></span></span></p><div class="calibre18"> </div>
<p class="calibre10"><span class="calibre3">The guitar guy’s name is Neil; he has a black goatee and a black shirt and suede pants and he looks totally stoned. He comes in with a vintage-looking electric guitar—I don’t know brands, but it looks like something the Beatles would have had—and plugs it into his amp on a chair before we file in. There’s something I didn’t expect in the room— instruments on all the seats around the circle—and people run for the ones they want. We have visitors today, nursing students who are learning what it’s like to work in a psych hospital, and they wade in with us and take seats and mediate disputes over who gets the bongo drums, the conga drums, the two sticks you bang together, the washboard, and the coveted seat by the electric keyboard.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Hey, everybody!” Neil sways. “Welcome to musical exploration!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">He’s playing simple chords in a studded beat that I think is supposed to be reggae, and after a while I realize it’s “I Shot the Sheriff.” He starts singing and he’s just got a terrible voice, like an albino Jamaican frog, but we chime in as best we can with our voices and whatever instruments we ended up with.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Armelio bangs on his chair with some sticks and gets bored, leaves the room.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Becca, the big girl, asks if she can trade her bongos (the little ones) for my congas (the big ones), and I switch. I try to play the fills that come after the choruses in “I Shot the Sheriff’and Neil recognizes that I’m trying, gives me a chance to shine each time, but I can’t pull them off.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Noelle, directly across from me, shakes maracas and her hair, smiling. I occasionally fire off a bongo fill just for her but I’m not sure if she notices.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">The star of the show is Jimmy.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I didn’t have any idea that the high-pitched noises he made were <span class="italic">singing.</span> Once the music starts he goes right into the Jimmy-verse, banging against his washboard and letting it all hang out in a piercing falsetto that’s surprisingly on key. The thing is, he doesn’t sing “I Shot the Sheriff.” He sings only one phrase:</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">“How sweet it is!”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Doesn’t matter where the song is or what it is; Jimmy will hum along to the tune as necessary, and then, as soon as there’s a break that he can be heard over, remind us: <span class="italic">“How sweet it is!”</span> He sounds a little like Mr. Hankey from <span class="italic">South Park.</span> The nursing students, who are all West Indian like Nurse Monica, and young, unlike her, absolutely adore him and give him big smiles, which increases his activity. Jimmy may have only a few sentences in his repertoire, but he knows to keep going when pretty girls pay attention to him.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I send out a fill for him. He sings back. I’m convinced that some part of him knows we came in together.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">When “I Shot the Sheriff” finishes in a crescendo of percussion that seems destined never to end (everybody wants to hit that last note, including me), Neil starts in on the Beatles: “I Wanna Hold Your Hand,” “I Feel Fine.” The Beatles are apparently the cue for people to get up and dance. It begins with Becca, at Neil’s left. A nursing student pulls her up, she leaves her conga aside and starts wiggling her big butt in the middle of the circle—we yell out encouragement. She turns red and grins, and when she sits down, it’s Bobby’s turn—he moves like John Travolta in <span class="italic">Pulp Fiction,</span> shaking his hips with a laconic tilt, turning his feet more than his body.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Johnny refuses to dance but bobs his head. The nursing students dance with one another and with Neil. Then it comes around to me. I hate dancing. I’ve never been good at it and I don’t mean that in the traditional scared teenager way: I’m really <span class="italic">not</span> good.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">But a nursing student has both her hands out to me, and Noelle is across the room.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I put my bongos aside and try to think about what I’m doing as I do it. I know that you’re not supposed to think about dancing—what is that stupid expression, <span class="italic">Sing like no one’s listening, dance like no one’s watching?</span>—whatever. I want to dance like Bobby did, and I know the way to do that is to move my hips, so I focus there and think a <span class="italic">lot.</span> I don’t think about my arms. I don’t think about my legs. I don’t think about my head. I think about shaking my hips back and forth and then in and out and then in circles, and all of a sudden the nursing student is behind me—I had my eyes closed—and there’s another one in front of me, making a Craig Gilner sandwich, and I’m dancing as if I were one of those cool club guys with two chicks—heck, I have two chicks.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I hold out my hand to Noelle in a fit of confidence. She gets up and we go to the middle of the floor and shake our hips at each other, never touching, never talking, just smiling and keeping our eyes locked. I think she’s actually looking to <span class="italic">me</span> for tips, so I mouth to her: “Shake your hips!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">She does, her arms as out of place as my own, hanging at her sides with nowhere sexy to go. Where are you supposed to put your arms when you dance? It’s like the Universal Question. I guess you’re supposed to put them around someone.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">When it’s Jimmy’s turn to dance, he gets up, throws down his washboard, and puts his finger over his lips at Neil. Neil stops playing. Jimmy does a pirouette over the unaccompanied wild percussion that we’ve built up and lands on his knee: <span class="italic">“How sweet it is!”</span></span></p>
</div>  <div class="mbppagebreak" id="calibre_pb_48"></div></body></html>
