<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>It&amp;#8217;s Kind of a Funny Story</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
<link href="page_styles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>
  <body class="calibre">
<div class="calibre1">
<p id="filepos448669" class="calibre16"><span class="calibre17"><span class="bold"><a href=".html_split_003#filepos7622"><span class="bold">twenty-seven</span></a></span></span></p><div class="calibre18"> </div>
<p class="calibre10"><span class="calibre3">“They say there’s gonna be a pizza party tonight,” Humble tells me at dinner. Dinner is chicken tenders with potatoes and salad and a pear. I eat it all. “But they say that every night.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What’s a pizza party?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“We all chip in the money and get pizza from the neighborhood. It’s tough, because no one ever has any cash. It’s like a big deal if we get pepperoni.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I have eight dollars.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">“Shhh.</span> Don’t go announcing it!” He stops chewing. “People in here don’t have <span class="italic">any</span> money. I don’t have two cents to rub together.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I nod. “I never heard that one before.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No? You like it?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What about: I <span class="italic">don’t have a pot to piss in or a window to throw it out of.”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Nope.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What about: <span class="italic">I got Jack and shit and Jack left town.”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Heh. No! Where do you get them all?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“From the old neighborhood. <span class="italic">Gimme a ringy-ding. Catch ya on the flipside.</span> It’s the best way to talk.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“A <span class="italic">ringy-ding,</span> what’s that—a call?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Don’t ask yuppie questions.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Humble scans the room for people to talk about. He enjoys talking about other people—he just enjoys talking, I’ve discovered, but he <span class="italic">especially</span> enjoys talking about other people—and when he does so, he puts on a peculiar sort of voice that’s not quite a whisper, but is pitched at such a low monotone that no one notices it. He also seems able to throw it so it feels like he’s speaking into my left ear.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“So I suppose you’ve become familiar with our lovely clientele here on the floor. President Armelio is the president.” He nods over at Armelio, who has finished his food first and is getting up to return the tray. “You see how fast he eats? If you could harness a quarter of his energy, you could power the island of Manhattan. I’m not joking. He should really work in a place with people like us. He has such a good heart and he’s never down.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“So why is he in here?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“He’s psychotic, of course. You shoulda seen him when they brought him in. He was screaming his head off about his mom. He’s Greek.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Huh.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Now there’s Ebony, She of the Ass. That is def initely the biggest ass I’ve ever seen. I’m not even into asses, but if you were—man, you could lose yourself in there. It’s like its own municipality. I think that’s why she needs the cane. She’s also the only woman I’ve ever known who wears velvet pants; I think you have to have a butt like that to wear velvet pants. They only make them in extra extra <span class="italic">extra</span> large.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I didn’t even notice them.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Well, give it a while. After a few days you start to notice people’s clothes, seeing as how they all wear the same stuff every day.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Things don’t get dirty?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“They do laundry on Tuesdays and Fridays. Who gave you your tour when you came in?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Bobby.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“He should’ve told you that.” Humble swivels his head, then turns back. “Now Bobby and Johnny"—they’re at a table together, as they were at lunch—"those two were some of the biggest meth-amphetamine addicts in New York City, period, in the nineties. They were called Fiend One and Fiend Two. The party didn’t really start until they showed up.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">That must’ve been such a feeling, even through all the drugs, I think. To come into a house and have people well up and greet you: “All right, man!” “You’re here!” “What’s up?” That was probably as addictive as the amphetamines. People sort of do that to Aaron.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What happened to them?” I ask.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What happens to anybody? They got burned out, lost all their money, ended up here. Got no families, got no women—well, I think Bobby has one.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“He talks on the phone with her.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You can’t tell from that. People pretend to be on the phone all the time. Like her"—he pitches his head at the bug-eyed woman who was standing behind me when I was talking with my family— “The Professor. I’ve caught her on the phone talking to Dr. Dial Tone. She’s a university professor. She ended up here because she thinks someone tried to spray her apartment with insecticide. She has newspaper clippings about it and everything.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Humble turns: “The black kid with the glasses: he looks pretty normal, but he has it bad. You notice he doesn’t come out of his room a lot. That’s because he’s scared that gravity is going to reverse and he’s going to fall up into the ceiling. When he goes outside, he has to be near trees so, in case the gravity stops, he’ll have something to hold on to. I think he’s about seventeen. Have you talked to him?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“He doesn’t really talk. I don’t know how much they can do for him.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">The guy looks up at the ceiling fan above the dining room, shudders, and forks food into his mouth.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Then there’s Jimmy. Jimmy’s been here a lot. I’ve been here twenty-four days, and I’ve seen him come and go twice. You seem to like him.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“We came in together.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“He’s a cool guy. And he has good teeth.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah, I noticed that.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Pearly whites. Not a lot of people in here have that. I myself wonder what happened to Ebony’s teeth.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What’s wrong with them?” I turn.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">“Don’t look.</span> She has none, you didn’t notice? She’s on a liquid diet. Just gums. I wonder if she sold ‘em, tooth by tooth. …”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I bite my tongue. I can’t help it. I shouldn’t be laughing at any of these people, and neither should Humble, but maybe it’s okay, somewhere, somehow, because we’re enjoying life? I’m not sure. Jimmy, two tables away, notices my stifled laughter, smiles at me, and laughs himself.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I toldja: it <span class="italic">come to ya!”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“There we go. What is going on in his <span class="italic">mind?”</span> Humble asks.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I can’t help it. It’s too much. I crack up. Juice and chicken tender bits spray my plate.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Oh, I got you now,” Humble continues. “And here comes the guest of honor: Solomon.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">The Hasidic Jewish guy comes in holding up his pants. He still has food in his beard. He grabs his tray and opens a microwaved packet of spaghetti and starts shoveling it into his mouth, making slurping, gulping groans.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“This guy eats once a day but it’s like his last day on earth,” Humble says. “I think he’s the most far gone of everybody. He’s got like a direct audience with God.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Solomon looks up, twists his head from side to side, and resumes eating.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Humble drops to a true whisper. “He did a few hundred tabs of acid and blew his pupils out. His eyeballs are permanently dilated.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No way.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Absolutely. It’s a certain cult of the Hasidics: the Jewish Acid-Heads. There’s like a part of their holy writings that tells them it’s the way to talk to God. But he took it too far.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Solomon gets up, leaves his tray disgustedly at the table, and moves out of the room with alarming speed.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“He’s like the Mole Man, back to his hole,” Humble says. “The real Mole People are the anorexics; you don’t even see them.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“How many people are in here?” I ask.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“They say twenty-five,” Humble says. “But that’s not counting the stowaways.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I look around. Charles/Jennifer isn’t in the room.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Did the, uh, you know, <span class="italic">Charles?</span> Did he leave?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah, the tranny’s gone. Left this afternoon. Tranny hit on you?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Smitty lets him do that. Gets a kick out of it.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I can’t believe he’s just <span class="italic">gone.</span> They don’t, like, throw a party for you when you leave?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No way. People here don’t <span class="italic">want</span> to get out. Getting out means going back to the streets or to jail or to try and fish their things out of an impounded car, like me. Your kind of situation, with the parents and a house: that’s rare. And also, with so many people coming and going, we’d be nuts to try and have a party every time. We’d end up like Fiend One and Fiend Two.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">My tray is a mess from the food spraying out. “You crack me up, Humble,” I tell him.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I know. I’m a great time for everybody. Too bad I’m in here instead of onstage getting paid for it.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Why don’t you try going onstage?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m old.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I have to get some napkins.” I rise and go out to Smitty, who hands me a stack. I return, wipe off my tray, and start in on the pear.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You have a secret admirer,” Humble says. “I should’ve guessed. I know how you operate.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“She was just here. Look at your chair.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I get up and check it. There’s a piece of paper lying there, face down. I flip it around, and it says HOPE YOU’RE HAVING A GOOD TIME. VISITING HOURS ARE TOMORROW FROM 7:00-7:05 P.M. I DON’T SMOKE.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“See? Your little girl with the cut-up face just left it.” Humble gets up. “I had a feeling. Now you’re starting to look like a rival male. I might have to keep my eye on you.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">He deposits his tray and gets in line for his meds. I fold the paper up and put it in the pocket where my phone used to be.</span></p>
</div>  <div class="mbppagebreak" id="calibre_pb_35"></div></body></html>
