<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>It&amp;#8217;s Kind of a Funny Story</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
<link href="page_styles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>
  <body class="calibre">
<div class="calibre1">
<p id="filepos90269" class="calibre16"><span class="calibre17"><span class="bold"><a href=".html_split_003#filepos4162">seven</a></span></span></p><div class="calibre18"> </div>
<p class="calibre10"><span class="calibre3">So why am I depressed? That’s the million-dollar question, baby, the Tootsie Roll question; not even the owl knows the answer to that one. I don’t know either. All I know is the chronology.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Two years ago I got into one of the best high schools in Manhattan: Executive Pre-Professional High School. It’s a new school set up to create the leaders of tomorrow; corporate internships are mandatory; the higher-ups of Merrill Lynch come and speak to classes and distribute travel mugs and stuff. This billionaire philanthropist named Bernard Lutz set it up in conjunction with the public school system, like a school within a school—all you have to do to get in is pass a test. Then your whole high school is paid for and you have access to 800 of the smartest, most interesting students in the world— not to mention the teachers and visiting dignitaries. You can come out of Executive Pre-Professional High School and go right to Wall Street, although that’s not what you <span class="italic">should</span> do; what you <span class="italic">should</span> do is come out and go to Harvard and then law school. That’s how you end up being, like, President.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I’ll admit it: I kind of want to be President.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">So this test—they named it the Bernard Lutz Philanthropic Exam, in honor of his philanthrop-icness—became fairly important in my life. It became more important than, uh, food, for instance. I bought the book for it—Bernard Lutz puts out his own line of test-prep books for his own test—and started studying three hours a day.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I was in seventh grade, and I got comfortable with my room for the first time—I’d come home with my heavy backpack and toss it on the bed and watch it bounce toward the pillows as I sat down in my chair and pulled out my test-prep book. On my cell phone, I would go to TOOLS: ALARM and set myself up for a two-hour practice exam. There were five practice exams in the book, and after I did them all, I was thrilled to discover an ad at the back for twelve <span class="italic">more</span> Bernard Lutz test-prep books. I went to Barnes &amp; Noble; they didn’t have all of them in stock—they’d never had anyone ask for <span class="italic">all</span> of them—so they had to put in an order for me. But then it was <span class="italic">game on.</span> I started taking a practice exam every day. The questions covered the standard junk that they test you on to determine if you’re not an idiot:</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Reading comprehension. <span class="italic">Ooh. Can you read this selection and tell what kind of tree they’re trying to save?</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Vocabulary. <span class="italic">Did you buy a book full of weird words and learn them?</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Math. <span class="italic">Are you able to turn off your mind to the world and fill it with symbols that follow rules?</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I made that test my bitch. I mauled the practice exams and slept with the books under my pillow and turned my brain into a fierce machine, a buzz saw that could handle anything. I could feel myself getting smarter, under the light at my desk. I could feel me filling myself.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Now, I stopped hanging out with a lot of friends when I got into Executive Pre-Professional mode. I didn’t have many friends to begin with—I had the kids who I sat with during lunch, the bare minimum—but once I started carrying flash cards around they sort of avoided me. I don’t know what their problem was; I just wanted to maximize my time. When all of my test-prep books were done, I got a personal tutor to shore me up for the exam. She told me halfway through the sessions that I didn’t need her, but kept my mom’s $700.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I got an 800 on the test, out of 800.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">The day I got those test results, a cold, plaintive, late-fall New York day, was my last good day. I’ve had good moments scattered since then, times when I thought I was better, but that was the last day I felt <span class="italic">triumphant</span>. The letter from Executive Pre-Professional High School came in the mail, and Mom had saved it on the kitchen table for me when I got home from Tae Bo class after school, which was something I intended to keep doing in high school, to have on my extracurricular activity sheet when I applied for college, which would be the next hurdle, the next step.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Craig, guess what’s here?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I threw down my backpack and ran past the Vampire Mirror to the kitchen. There it was: a manila envelope. The good kind of envelope. If you failed the test, you got a small envelope; if you got in, you got a big one.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">“Yeesssss!”</span> I screamed. I tore it open. I took out the purple-and-gold welcome packet and held it up like the holy grail. I could have used it to start my own religion. I could have made, y’know, love to it. I kissed it and hugged it until Mom said, “Craig, stop that. That’s very sick. How about you call your friends?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">She didn’t know, because I never told her, that my friends were a bit estranged. They’re sort of ancillary anyway, friends. I mean, they’re <span class="italic">important</span>— everybody knows that; the TV tells you so—but they come and go. You lose one friend, you pick up another. All you have to do is talk to people, and this was back when I could talk to anybody. My friends, when I had them, pretty much just ragged on me and took my seat when I left the room anyway. Why did I need to call them up?</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Except Aaron. Aaron was a real friend; I guess I’d call him my best friend. He was one of the oldest guys in my class, born on that cusp where you can be the youngest person in an older class or the oldest in a younger class, and his parents did the right thing and went with the latter. He was smart and fearless, with a flop of brown curly hair and the sort of glasses that made girls like him, square black ones. He had freckles and he talked a lot. When we got together we would start projects: an alarm clock torn apart and distributed over a wall, a stop-motion video of Lego people having sex, a Web site for pictures of toilets.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I had met him by wandering over to the table during lunch with my head buried in flash cards, sitting down, having one of his friends ask me what I was doing there, and having him come by, flush with tacos, to rescue me, ask what I was studying. It turned out that he and I were taking the same exam, but he wasn’t studying at all—didn’t believe in it. He introduced me to the table conversation about what Princess Zelda would be like in bed—I said she’d be terrible, because she’d been locked up in dungeons since puberty, but Aaron said that’d make her <span class="italic">super hot.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Aaron called me that Friday night.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Want to come over and watch movies?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Sure.” I was done with my practice test for the day.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Aaron lived in a small apartment in a big building in downtown Manhattan by City Hall. I took the subway in (my mom had to okay it with Aaron’s mom, which was horrifying), identified myself to Aaron’s paunchy doorman, and took the elevator up to his floor. Aaron’s mom greeted me and brought me into his ventilated chamber (past his dad, who wrote in a room that resembled a prison cell, occasionally beating his head against his desk, while Aaron’s mom brought him tea) and flopped on his bed, which wasn’t yet covered with the sort of stains that would define it in the future. I’m good at <span class="italic">flopping</span> on things.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Hey,” Aaron was like. “You want to smoke some pot?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Oh. So <span class="italic">this</span> was what watching movies meant. Quick recap of what I knew about drugs: my mom told me never to do them; my dad told me not to do them until after the SATs. Mom trumped Dad, so I vowed to never do them—but what if someone <span class="italic">made</span> me? I thought drugs might be something people did <span class="italic">to</span> you, like jabbing you with a needle while you were trying to mind your business.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What if someone makes me, Mom?” I had asked her; we were having the drug conversation in a playground. I was ten. “What if they hold a gun to my head and force me to take the drugs?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“That’s not really how it works, honey,” she answered. “People take drugs because they <span class="italic">want</span> to. You just have to not want to.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">And now here I was with Aaron, wanting to. His room smelled like certain areas of Central Park, down by the lake, where white guys with dreadlocks played bongos.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">My mom hovered in my head.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Nah,” I was like.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No problem.” He opened a pungent bag and put a chunk of the contents of the bag in a very fascinating little device that looked like a cigarette but was made of metal. He lit it up with a butane lighter that made a flame approximately as large as my middle finger. He puffed right up against his wall.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Don’t you have to open a window?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Nah, it’s my room; I can do what I want.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Doesn’t your mom care?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“She has her hands full with Dad.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">The section of wall he smoked against would get discolored over the next two years. Eventually, like the rest of the room, it would get covered up with posters of rappers with gold teeth.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Aaron took three or four breaths of his metal cigarette and made the room smell musty and hot, then announced:</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Let’s motivate, son! What do you want to get?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Action.” <span class="italic">Duh.</span> I was in seventh grade.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“All right! You know what I want?” Aaron’s eyes lit up. “I want a movie with a cliff.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“A mountain-climbing one?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Doesn’t have to be <span class="italic">about</span> mountain climbing. Just needs at least one scene where some dudes are fighting and somebody gets thrown off a cliff.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Did you hear about Paul Stojanovich?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Who’s that?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“He’s the producer who invented <span class="italic">World’s Scariest Police Chases</span> and <span class="italic">Cops.”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No kidding? The host?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No, the producer. The host kicks ass, though.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Aaron led the way out of his room and past his father—typing away, wiping sweat, for all intents and purposes a part of the computer—to his front door, where his mom, who had long dirty-blond hair and wore overalls, stopped us and gave us cookies and our coats.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I love my life,” Aaron said. “Bye, Mom.” We entered the elevator with our mouths full of cookies.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Okay, so what were you saying? I love <span class="italic">World’s Scariest Police Chases.”</span> Aaron swallowed. “I love it when the guy is like"—Aaron put on a stern over-annunciated brogue—"These two-bit bandits thought they could turn a blind eye to the law, but the Broward County Sherrif’s office showed them the light—and it <span class="italic">led them straight to jail.’”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I cracked up, spitting cookie bits everywhere.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m good at voices. You want to hear Jay Leno blowing the devil? I got it from this comedian Bill Hicks.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You never let me finish about Paul Stojanovich!” I said.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Who?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">The elevator arrived in Aaron’s lobby. “The pro ducer of <span class="italic">World’s Scariest Police Chases.”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Oh, right.” Aaron threw open the glass lobby door. I followed him into the street, tossed up my hood, and bundled myself in it.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“He was posing with his fiancée, for like a wedding picture? And they were doing it in Oregon, right next to this big cliff. And the photographer was like ‘Move back, move a little to the left.’And they moved, and he <span class="italic">fell off the cliff.”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Oh my God!” Aaron shook his head. “How do you learn this stuff?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“The Internet.” I smiled.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“That is too good. What happened to the girl?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“She was fine.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“She should sue the photographer. Did they sue him?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I don’t know.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“They better. I would sue. You know, Craig"— Aaron looked at me steadily, his eyes red but so alive and bright—"I’m going to be a lawyer.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Oh, yeah?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah. Screw my dad. He doesn’t make any money. He’s miserable. The only reason we even live where we do is because my mom’s brother is a lawyer and they got the apartment way back when. It used to be my uncle’s apartment. Now he does work for the building, so they cut Mom a deal. Everything good I have is due to lawyers.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I think I might want to be one too,” I said.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Why not? You make money!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah.” I looked up. We were on a bright, cold, gray Manhattan sidewalk. Everything cost so much money. I looked at the hot dog man, the cheapest thing around—you wouldn’t get away from him without forking over three or four bucks.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“We should be lawyers together,” Aaron said. “Pardis and . . . what’s your last name?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Gilner.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Pardis and Gilner.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Okay.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">We shook hands, maintaining our stride, nearly clothesline-ing a frilled-up little girl walking in the other direction. Then we turned up Church Street and rented this reality DVD, <span class="italic">Life Against Death,</span> which had a <span class="italic">lot</span> of cliffs, as well as fires, animal attacks, and skydiving accidents. I sat propped in Aaron’s bed, him smoking pot and me refusing, feeding off him, telling him that I thought I was getting a contact high when really I was just feeling like I had stepped into a new groove. At cool parts of <span class="italic">Life Against Death</span> we paused and zoomed in: on the hearts of explosions, spinning wheels after truck crashes, and one guy freaking out in a gorilla cage and getting a rock thrown at him. We talked about making our own movie someday.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I didn’t go to sleep until four, but I was in some one else’s house, so I woke up early—at eight—with that crazy sleeping-at-someone-else’s-house energy. I passed Aaron’s father at his computer and grabbed a book off their shelf in the living room—<span class="italic">Latin Roots.</span> I studied <span class="italic">Latin Roots</span> all morning, for the test.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">We kept doing it. It became a regular thing. We never formalized it, never named it . . . but on Fridays Aaron would call and ask me to watch movies. I think he was lonely. Whatever he was, he became the one person I wanted to stay in touch with after junior high. And now, a year later, I was in my kitchen holding my acceptance letter and wondering if he had one too.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’ll call Aaron,” I told Mom.</span></p>
</div>  <div class="mbppagebreak" id="calibre_pb_12"></div></body></html>
