<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>It&amp;#8217;s Kind of a Funny Story</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
<link href="page_styles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>
  <body class="calibre">
<div class="calibre1">
<p id="filepos625329" class="calibre16"><span class="calibre17"><span class="bold"><a href=".html_split_003#filepos9901">thirty-nine</a></span></span></p><div class="calibre18"> </div>
<p class="calibre10"><span class="calibre3">“What are you doing here?” I ask, then pause. That’s really a question other people should be asking <span class="italic">me.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What do you think?” She has on light makeup that makes her lips sparkle and her cheeks a slight Asian red; her hair is drawn back to accent the curved proportions of her face. “I’m here to see you.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Why?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">She turns away. “I’m having a really hard time right now, okay Craig?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“All right,” I get in step with her. “Come on, the best place to talk is over here.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I lead her through the hall with a familiarity and confidence that she seems surprised by. I guess I’m a veteran here now. Sort of an alpha male. Which reminds me: still no Humble.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Here.” I sit her in the chairs where I sat with my parents and Noelle. “What’s going on?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">She puts her hands on her knees. She has on a little beige combat outfit with black boots; she looks like a Soviet soldier recruit. The light comes in behind her and makes her skin sparkle. I’ve seen her in this get-up before; it’s one of her particularly hottest ones: when you bind up little breasts in guy-type clothing they’re just that much more intriguing.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Aaron and I broke up,” she says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No.” I open my eyes wide.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yes, Craig.” She wipes her face. “After that night when he called here? And you told him I was on Prozac?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What? Are you saying that it’s my fault?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">“I’m not saying it’s anybody’s fault!”</span> She chops her arms against her thighs and takes a deep breath.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">The Professor peers out of her room.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Who are you?” Nia turns.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m Amanda,” she says. “I’m Craig’s friend.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Well, we’re trying to have a conversation; I’m really sorry.” Nia wipes her hair.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It’s okay. But you shouldn’t yell. Solomon will come out.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Who’s Solomon?” Nia turns to me. “Is he dangerous?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Nobody here is dangerous,” I say, and as I say it I put my hand over Nia’s, on her thigh. I’m not sure why I do it—to reassure her? I guess it’s just an instinct, a reaction. Subconsciously I suppose I’m thinking that it’s a really hot thigh and that I would love to have my hand there without her hand serving as a buffer. I haven’t really gotten the chance to touch any girl’s thigh, and Nia’s beige ones seem just about as alluring as thighs get. I even think it’s a sexy word: <span class="italic">thigh.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Craig, hello?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Sorry, I was spacing out.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">She looks down at my hand and gives a little smirk. She doesn’t move it away. “You’re funny. I was asking you if you <span class="italic">like</span> it here.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It’s not bad. It’s better than school.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I believe that.” Now her hand—her other hand—is on top of my hand on top of her thigh. I think of the dancing sandwich I was in before in the activity lounge. I feel how warm she is and remember how I noticed that at the party, eons ago. “I’ve been thinking about going to a place like this.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What?” I pull my body away but keep my hand under hers. “What do you mean?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’ve been thinking of, you know, checking myself in, spending some time here, or somewhere like it, re-centering, like you.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Nia.” I shake my head. “You can’t just come in here because you want to.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Isn’t that what you did?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What did you do, then?” She tilts her head.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I … I had like a <span class="italic">medical emergency,”</span> I explain. “I called up the Suicide Hotline and they sent me here.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Nia leans back. “You called the <span class="italic">Suicide</span> Hotline?” She holds my hand up, clutches it. “Oh, Craig!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I look at my crotch. I’m springing up. I can’t help it. She’s so close. This face is so close to mine and it’s the same face I’ve jerked off to so many times. I’ve conditioned myself to want this face. I want her. I feel her on me and I want her right now in her little Russian army outfit. I want to see what she looks like with it off. I want to see what she looks like with it <span class="italic">half</span> off.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I didn’t realize . . .” she continues. “I knew you wanted to kill yourself; I never knew you wanted to <span class="italic">kill yourself.</span> I never would have told Aaron that you called me from that weird number if I’d known it was so <span class="italic">serious.”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Well, what do you think people come here for?” My hand twitches around hers.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“To get better?” she asks.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah, exactly. But you have to be really bad before they make you get better <span class="italic">here.”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Nia swishes her head and her hair slides around her dark eyes. “I thought that you got bad because of me. And I thought <span class="italic">I</span> could make you better.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">She’s so cute. The way she holds her face, it’s like she always knows the best angles.We hold each other’s eyes. I see myself in hers. I look expectant, ready, eager, stupid, willing to do anything.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I don’t like how I look. Humble wouldn’t like it either; it doesn’t have any strength or will. But <span class="italic">I</span> don’t have any strength or will when I’m with her. I don’t have any choice. We’re going to do whatever she wants.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What about Aaron?” I ask.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I told you.” She drops almost to a whisper. “I broke up with him.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">“You</span> broke up with <span class="italic">him?”</span> I want it clarified.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It was mutual. Is that important?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Permanently broke up?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Looks like it.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Don’t you think it’s a little soon for you to be coming in here and, like, touching me?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">She shakes her head and purses her lower lip.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’ve been thinking about you since we talked on the phone Friday night. And now I know you so much <span class="italic">better.</span> You’ve told me all this stuff about you and you’re really … I don’t know … you’re mature. You’re not like all these other people with their stupid little problems. You’re like, really <span class="italic">screwed up.”</span> She giggles. “In the good way. The way that gives experience.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Huh.” I’m not sure what to say. No, wait, I know what to say: <span class="italic">Go away, leave, I don’t need you;</span> I <span class="italic">finished with you on the phone before; I met a girl here who’s cooler and smarter;</span> but when you’ve got a really gorgeous girl in front of you and she’s biting her lip and talking low and smiling—and you’re hard—what are you going to do?</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Huh … uh … well…” I’m back to stuttering. Maybe it was Nia that made me stutter. I’m sweating too.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Do you want to show me your room?” she asks.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">That’s a bad idea. It’s a bad idea just as much as it’s a bad idea to skip meals or stay awake in bed in the morning or stop taking your Zoloft, but there’s no hope for me now. I cede control to my lower half, which is actually <span class="italic">pointing</span> toward my room, and lead Nia to it.</span></p>
</div>  <div class="mbppagebreak" id="calibre_pb_50"></div></body></html>
