<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>It&amp;#8217;s Kind of a Funny Story</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
<link href="page_styles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>
  <body class="calibre">
<div class="calibre1">
<p id="filepos775960" class="calibre16"><span class="calibre17"><span class="bold"><a href=".html_split_003#filepos11440">forty-eight</a></span></span></p><div class="calibre18"> </div>
<p class="calibre10"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">Blade II</span>… well, you have to like action movies to like it. I myself am a big fan of action movies. They’re like the blues; there’s a certain formula. You have the hero and the villain and the girl. The hero is going to almost die but not quite, and if there’s a dog it’ll be the same story with him. There’s going to be one sub-villain with a distinguishing facial characteristic, and he’s going to get killed in a printing press or a pool.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">The plot of <span class="italic">Blade II</span> is that Blade is a guy who runs around killing vampires. He wears a leather coat with a <span class="italic">sword stuck in the back of it;</span> he regularly just walks around with this thing. I guess it’s possible that you could walk around a city with a sword and not have people notice, but the chances of your not cutting your butt open seem close to nil, especially if you’re running or doing jump flips.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Now, the real kicker is the way the vampires die. They digitally dissolve into multicolored ash—<span class="italic">in slow motion.</span> I could watch these vampires die all day. It’s so <span class="italic">clean</span> the way they go; they don’t leave a body or anything.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I explain all this to Humble as we help Monica roll out the TV from the activity center and plug it in. Monica has no idea how to use a DVD—the whole metal shiny disc concept scares her. We pop it in and have to hit the TV a few times to get it going, but then it’s blasting into our eyes: Blade killing his first swath of vampires in Prague by skidding down fire escapes, jumping over motorcycles, and stabbing dudes with his sword.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">The audience is a good cross-section of Six North—Humble, Bobby, and Johnny; the Professor; Ebony; the new guy Human Being; Becca; and Dad. He came in right at seven and sat down in the corner, staying very quiet, blending in. Jimmy came by as soon as he heard the noise of the film and took a seat beside him.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Hello,” Dad said.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Your son?” Jimmy asked, pointing at me.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yes.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">“How sweet it is!”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Dad nodded and said, “Yes, yes it is.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">On the screen, Blade slices a vampire right through from his groin up to his skull.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Whoa, this is <span class="italic">wild,”</span> says Humble. “Did you see that? That’s worse than gonorrhea, man.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Did you ever have gonorrhea?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Please. I’ve had everything. You know what they say: the Jews cut ‘em off, the Irish wear ‘em off.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">“Ewwww,”</span> I say. “You’re Irish?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Half,” says Humble.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Could you be quiet? I’m trying to watch the film,” the Professor says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Oh, don’t start. You don’t care about this movie; Cary Grant’s not in it,” says Humble.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Cary Grant was a <span class="italic">real man.</span> Don’t you say anything about him.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I can say whatever—”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What’s that guy doing?” Bobby asks.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“He’s sucking that girl’s blood, can’t you see?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I thought she was a vampire, though.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“So? Vampires have blood.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Vampires ain’t got no blood,” says Human Being. “Vampires ain’t got nothing but <span class="italic">green</span> running in their veins, and green means money.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You don’t know what you’re talking about,” Humble says. “If you drink blood, how are you not going to have blood?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I met a lotta vampires in my time, and their blood was always green. Been sucking me dry in their little temples.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What temples?” Becca asks. “I go to temple. You better not be talking about the Jewish people.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m Jewish too,” says the Professor. “That’s why they tried to insecticide my house.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Noelle walks toward the TV from down the hall, wearing a long black skirt and a white top with little frills around the shoulders, locking eyes with me. I look around; no seat for her.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Dad notices as soon as she becomes visible. He leans over and gives me a look:</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">So is</span> this <span class="italic">why you’ve been feeling better, son?</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I shrug.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">She comes up to me. “There’s nowhere to sit.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Here!” I stand up and point at my armrest.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">She sits down right in the middle of the chair. “Ooh, you warmed it! Thank you.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No, I meant—where am I going to sit?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">She pats the armrest.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Darn, girl.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I sit down and we watch Blade slice up some more vampires. Topics discussed among the audience include surgery, the moon, chicken, prostitution, and jobs in the Sanitation Department. Dad leans back and lets his eyes fall; I had a feeling that would happen. As soon as I see him breathing heavy and steady I get up, go to Smitty, and I tell him that it’s after eight o’clock.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You want me to kick out your own Dad?” he asks.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I need to be independent,” I say.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“All right.” Smitty walks down the hall with me. “Mr. Gilner—I’m sorry; visiting hours are over.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Oh, hm!” He gets up. “Right. So, Craig, you’ll bring this back tomorrow?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah,” I tell him. “Thanks.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Thank you for getting here and getting help.” He hugs me. Smitty backs away. It’s a big hug, and long, and right in front of the television, but no one says anything.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I love you,” I mumble. “Even though I’m a teenager and I’m not supposed to.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I love you too,” Dad says. “Even though … eh . . . No. I don’t have any jokes about it. I just do.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">We separate and shake hands and he makes his way down the hall, waving without looking back.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Good-bye Mister Gilner!” a chorus of those paying attention calls out.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I dip down next to Noelle, whisper in her ear. “That’s one; I gotta settle one more thing, and then I’ll see you in my room.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Okay.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I walk down the hall and pop into my room, where Muqtada is putting his distinctive shape in the bed, turned toward the window, in his continuous dead reverie.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Muqtada?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yes.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You remember how you wanted Egyptian music?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yes, Craig.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I got some for you.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You did?” He pulls his top sheet aside. “Where?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I got a record over,” I say. “You know we’re watching a movie, right?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yes, I hear. This sounds very violent, no good for me.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Right, well, in the other hall, by where the smoking area is, I asked Smitty to put the Egyptian music.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“And he did this thing?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It’s ready to go on right now. You want to hear?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yes.” Muqtada pushes the sheets aside in a gesture of hope and strength and determination. It’s tough to get out of bed; I know that myself. You can lie there for an hour and a half without thinking anything, just worrying about what the day holds and knowing that you won’t be able to deal with it. And Muqtada did that for years. He did that until he needed to be hospitalized. And now he’s getting up. Not for good, but for real.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I walk with him out of the room, passing Smitty at the nurses’station and nodding at him. He opens a door behind his desk and goes in to turn on the turntables, changing the PA music from the normal funky lite FM to the sounds of deep plucked strings, and rolling over it, a voice of dangerous clarity and yearning, hitting three ascending notes and then bending one beyond where I thought you couldn’t bend a human voice, sounding like a man drawn out and smacked to vibrate around a little.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">“Umm Kulthum!”</span> Muqtada says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah! Uh . . . Who’s that?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“This is Egypt’s greatest singer!” he yells. “How you find this?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I have a friend whose dad has some records.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“This I have not heard in so long!” He’s grinning so much I think his glasses are going to fall off.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Armelio is playing solitaire in the back of the hall, by the smoking lounge. “You’re out of your room, buddy? What’s going on? Is there a fire?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“This music!” Muqtada points up to it. “This is Egyptian!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You Egyptian, buddy?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yes.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m from Greece.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“The Greeks, they took all our music.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“This?” Armelio looks up. “This ain’t nothing like Greek music, buddy.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You want to sit, Muqtada?” I ask him.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">He looks around, then up at the music.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“The best seat’ll be over here, right by the speaker.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yes,” he says, and sits down.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I don’t like this,” Armelio looks up.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What kind of music do you like, Armelio?” I ask.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Techno.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Just.. . techno?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah. <span class="italic">Utz-utz-utz-utz.</span> Like that.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Heh heh.” Muqtada laughs. “The Greek man is funny.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Of course I’m funny, buddy! I’m always funny! You just don’t leave your room. You want to play cards?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Muqtada starts to leave; I stand over him and hold my hands out. “Wait one second, man. I know you can’t play cards for money, but Armelio doesn’t play for money.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“This I know; I do not want to play.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Are you sure? He’s got no one else to play with.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“That’s right. My friends are all watching this stupid movie. You want to play spades? I’ll <span class="italic">crush</span> you in spades.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Muqtada,” I say. He’s still looking up at me, hands on his armrests, ready to spring. “Remember when you saved me from that girl?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yes.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m trying to do the same thing for you now, to get you out of your room and save you. Please. Play with Armelio.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">He looks at me, then at the speakers.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“This I do for you, Craig. But only for you. And only because of music.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Great.” I pat his back. “Go easy on him, Armelio.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You know that’s not going to happen, buddy!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I smile and walk down the hall, waving at them. As soon as I get to the corner, I run—I don’t have much time—but skid to a leisurely pace by Smitty and then, moving as slowly and calmly as I can, enter my room. Noelle picked up on what was happening: she’s already there, sitting on my bed, looking out the window.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You’re very crafty,” she whispers. I shrug. “Come and sit. It’s a pretty view through your blinds.”</span></p>
</div>  <div class="mbppagebreak" id="calibre_pb_60"></div></body></html>
