<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>It&amp;#8217;s Kind of a Funny Story</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
<link href="page_styles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>
  <body class="calibre">
<div class="calibre1">
<p id="filepos439065" class="calibre16"><span class="calibre17"><span class="bold"><a href=".html_split_003#filepos7465">twenty-six</a></span></span></p><div class="calibre18"> </div>
<p class="calibre10"><span class="calibre3">“I don’t want to be here,” I tell him at the entrance to my room, where I catch him before he visits Muqtada. “I don’t think it’s the place for me.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Of course not.” Dr. Mahmoud nods. He has on the same suit he had on earlier in the day, although that feels like last year. “If you liked it here, that would be a very bad prognosis!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Right.” I chuckle. “Well, I mean, everybody’s friendly, but I feel a lot better, and I think I’m ready to go. Maybe Monday? I don’t want to miss school.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">Also, doc, right now the phone messages and e-mails are bunching up and the rumors are flying. I just talked to this girl</span>—<span class="italic">and I did okay</span>—<span class="italic">but the Tentacles are coiled and the pressure is rising, getting ready to pounce on me when I leave. If I’m in here too long, I’ll have that much more to do when I get out.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“We can’t rush it,” Dr. Mahmoud says. “The important thing is that you get better. If you try to leave too soon—suddenly, everything is better?— we doctors get suspicious.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Oh. Well, you don’t want the doctor who can sign you out of the psychiatric hospital getting suspicious.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Right. Right now, to me, you look much better, but maybe this is a false recovery—”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“A Fake Shift.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m sorry?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“A Fake Shift. That’s what I call it. When you think you’ve beaten it, but you haven’t.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Exactly. We don’t want one of those.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“So I’m going to be here until I have the real Shift?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I don’t follow.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m going to be here until I’m cured?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Life is not cured, Mr. Gilner.” Dr. Mahmoud leans in. “Life is <span class="italic">managed.”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Okay.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I’m apparently not as impressed by this as he would like. He arches back: “We don’t keep you here until you are cured of anything; we keep you here until you are stable—we call it ‘establishing the baseline.’”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Okay, so when will my baseline be established?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Five days, probably.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">One, two, three … <span class="italic">“Thursday?</span> I can’t wait until Thursday, Doctor. I have too much school. That’s four days of school. If I miss four days I will be so behind. Plus, my friends. . .”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yes?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“My friends will know where I am!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Aha. Is this a problem?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yes!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Why?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Because I’m <span class="italic">here!”</span> I gesture out at the hall. Solomon shuffles by very quickly in his sandals and tells someone to be quiet, he’s trying to rest.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Mr. Gilner.” Dr. Mahmoud puts a hand on my shoulder. “You have a chemical imbalance, that is all. If you were a diabetic, would you be ashamed of where you were?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No, but—”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“If you had to take insulin and you stopped, and you were taken to the hospital, wouldn’t that make sense?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“This is different.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“How?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I sigh. “I don’t know how much of it is really chemical. Sometimes I just think depression’s one way of coping with the world. Like, some people get drunk, some people do drugs, some people get depressed. Because there’s so much <span class="italic">stuff</span> out there that you have to do something to deal with it.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Ah. This is why you need to be in here longer, to talk about these things,” Dr. Mahmoud says. “You have a psychologist, correct? Have you called your psychologist?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">Shoot. I knew I was forgetting something.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You need to call; your psychologist will come here to meet with you. What is her name? Or his?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Dr. Minerva.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Oh!” Dr. Mahmoud says; his lips curl into a far away smile. “Wonderful. Get Andrea down here.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Andrea?” I never knew her first name. She keeps it like a big secret. It’s blanked out on all her degrees. She says it’s part of policy.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">He waves his hand. “Make an appointment with her; then we’ll be that much closer to coming up with your treatment plan and getting you out of here as soon as possible. We will try for Thursday.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Not before Thursday.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“<span class="italic">Thursday</span>,” I mumble to myself, looking across the room at Muqtada’s prone lump.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Five days, that’s it! Everything will be fine, Mr. Gilner. Your life will <span class="italic">wait.</span> You just participate in the group activities and call Dr. Minerva. And when you grow up to be rich and successful, you don’t forget me, okay?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Okay.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Can please you close the door?” Muqtada asks from his bed.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Mister Muqtada, you are the next: how come you are always sleeping sleeping <span class="italic">sleeping?”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Dr. Mahmoud walks past me. I call Mom to report the news, and then I call Dr. Minerva. She says she’s sorry I took this turn for the worse, but it’s always two-steps-forward, one-step-back.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“If this is my one step back,” I tell her, “what am I going to do next: win the lottery and get my own TV show?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">That’d be a good TV show, actually,</span> I think. A <span class="italic">guy winning the lottery in the psych hospital.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Dr. Minerva can’t come in tomorrow, because it’s Sunday, but she says she’ll be in on Monday. I’m momentarily surprised by the distinction. In Six North, there probably won’t be much difference.</span></p>
</div>  <div class="mbppagebreak" id="calibre_pb_34"></div></body></html>
