<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>It&amp;#8217;s Kind of a Funny Story</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
<link href="page_styles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>
  <body class="calibre">
<div class="calibre1">
<p id="filepos283202" class="calibre16"><span class="calibre17"><span class="bold"><a href=".html_split_003#filepos5927">seventeen</a></span></span></p><div class="calibre18"> </div>
<p class="calibre10"><span class="calibre3">The emergency room is nearly abandoned at five-thirty in the morning—I don’t know how I caught that lucky break. There’s a long black metal bench sprinkled with people. A Hispanic couple walks around, the woman howling about her knee. An old white lady and her gigantic son fill out forms next to each other. A black guy with glasses sits at the end of the bench, opening peanuts and putting the shells in his left vest pocket, the peanuts in his right. It could be a plain-old doctor’s office, really. Except for the peanut guy.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I walk up to the main desk: REGISTRATION. There are two registrat-ors, one sitting, and one standing behind. The one behind looks about my age—she’s probably getting school credit.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I need to be, uh, admitted. Registered,” I say.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Fill out a form and the nurse will see you shortly,” the sitting one says. The standing one stuffs envelopes, eyes me. Do I know her from somewhere? I sniff my armpit to hide my face.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I take the Xeroxed form that’s handed to me. It asks my birthdate and address, my parents’names and phone numbers, my health insurance. I don’t know much about health insurance, but I know that my Social Security number is my ID number, so I put that down. I feel kind of good filling out the form, like I’m applying to a special academy.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I put the form, completed, in a small black tray hanging off the side of the registration desk. There’s only one piece of paper in front of mine; I sit back down next to Peanut Man. I stare at the floor; it’s made up of foot-long tiles in red and white, like a chessboard, and I imagine how a knight would move across it. I’m so crazy. I’ve lost it. This isn’t going to help. I should leave. Is it too late? My bike is back at home in my hallway. I can do it. I’m strong enough.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Craig?” a woman pops her head out from a door at the end of Registration.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I stand up. The Hispanic couple howls that they were here first and someone comes out to talk to them in Spanish. Sorry, people.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Come,” she beckons. “I’m the nurse.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I shake her hand.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Have a seat.” I enter her long, thin chamber, which has a computer and two chairs and an array of tubes and robes on hooks on the wall. The sun is rising through a window at the end of the room. Across from me is a poster about domestic violence: <span class="italic">If your man beats you, forces you to have sex, controls your money, or threatens you about immigration papers, you are a victim!</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">The nurse—short with curly hair and a clownish face—reaches to the hooks behind her and unfurls a blood pressure gauge. I always liked these. Not that they’re pleasant, but they always feel like they <span class="italic">could</span> be so much worse. She attaches it to some readout device and pumps me up.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“So what’s wrong, ishkabibbles?” she asks.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">Ishkabibbles?</span> I give her the rap.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Did you do anything to yourself? Did you try and cut yourself; did you try and hurt yourself; did you actually go anywhere?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No. I called 1-800-SUICIDE and they sent me here.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Good. Wonderful. You did the right thing. They’re so great.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">She unwraps me, turns, and types information into the computer. She reads off my sheet in a tray to the right of the monitor, where I wrote “want to kill myself” as my reason for admission.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Now, were you on medicine?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Zoloft. I stopped taking it.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You stopped?” She opens her eyes wide. “We get that a lot.” She types. “You really can’t do that.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I know.” I’m glad I have a concrete thing to blame this on, something everyone can point a finger at.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You really have to stop, right now, and think about how you feel. I want you to remember how you feel the next time you decide to stop taking your medicine.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Okay.” I commit it to memory; I feel dead, wasted, awful, broken, and useless. It’s not the kind of feeling you forget.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You’re going to be <span class="italic">fine,</span> ishkabibbles,” she says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I look at what she’s typing on the screen. Under “reason for admission,” she puts SUICIDAL IDEATION.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">That would be a good band name, I think.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Come on,” she says, getting up from the computer. Behind it, a printer is producing something, whining and clicking. She reaches back and pulls two stickers out, puts them on plastic bracelets that she has attached to her belt, which is like a nurse utility belt, and affixes them to my right wrist.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I look down. They both say <span class="italic">Craig Gilner,</span> and have my Social Security number and a bar code on them.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Why do I get two?” I ask.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Because you’re <span class="italic">too</span> special.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">She leads me out of the room into the ER proper, past curtains that are alternately drawn and undrawn to show the cast of characters here on an early Saturday morning. The vast majority are old people—specifically, old white women with tubes in them, yelling and moaning. What they’re yelling for is water—<span class="italic">“Waaa-taaa, waaa-taa”</span>—and what they’re getting is totally ignored. Doctors—I think the doctors are in white coats and the nurses are in blue, right?—stride by holding clipboards. One has a young scruffy blond beard that I would never expect to see on a doctor—his name is Dr. Kepler. It says RESIDENT, so he’s a college guy. That’s one of the things I could be someday if I hadn’t messed up and gotten myself in here.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“This way,” the nurse says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Beeping serenades us. It’s coming from every where, a dozen different kind of beeps—loud ones, scary ones, <span class="italic">ding-y</span> ones, random ones. I wonder if they ever sync up as we pass by two giant metal racks on wheels—inside are pale yellow trays wrapped in plastic. Hospital breakfast. A nurse pushes them through a door marked FOOD PREP.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">We move by a group of Hispanic guys lounging on stretchers who all look like they were in the same bar fight. One has a bandage on his face, one is pointing to his chest for a doctor, and one is rolling up his pants to show off what looks like a shark bite. The doctor hisses at him in Spanish, and he rolls his pants back down. We go by a bank of computers and there the nurse tells me to wait— she flags down an Indian doctor, and he takes a stretcher, which up close looks like a very complicated and expensive piece of machinery, with red and black levers sticking out everywhere, into a side room marked “22.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Room 22 is just big enough to accommodate the stretcher. It doesn’t have a door, just a doorway. The walls are yellow. The nurse leads me in there.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“A doctor will be with you shortly,” she says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">It’s bright. Bright as hell. And I haven’t slept. I sit on the stretcher. What am I supposed to do in here? There’s nothing to do. There aren’t even any hooks.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Outside of 22, a black guy with long dreads is on a stretcher next to a curtain. He’s well dressed in dark brown—with black shoes like mine—and he’s holding his hip and <span class="italic">writhing</span> in pain. It’s something I’ve never seen except in movies—a man clutching himself and grimacing and swaying and breathing in little huffs and bearing his teeth and going “Nurse, nurse, <span class="italic">please.”</span> It looks like he’s dislocated his hip. He rolls over on his side and then back on his back, but nothing seems to help.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">Who’s worse, soldier, you or him?</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">Dunno, sir!</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">It’s a trick question, soldier.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">Well, him, obviously. 1 mean I’m sitting here loung-ing; he’s practically dying out there.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">I expected more from you, son.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">How?</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">You’re a smart kid. You should be able to see when somebody’s faking. And soldier</span>—</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">Yes.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">—<span class="italic">Good job out there. I’m glad you’re still on board.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">I don’t feel any better.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">Life’s not about feeling better; it’s about getting the job done.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I look again at the black guy; as I do, a big police officer with closely cropped hair and those weird little fat bumps on the back of his neck saunters onto the scene with a newspaper and a cup of coffee. He takes an orange plastic seat and sits down right outside from me, between Room 22 and Room 21, another open-style, closet-sized space.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Hey, how ya doin’,” he says. He speaks slowly and calmly. “I’m Chris. If you need anything, let me know.” He sits down and opens up his paper.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">The black guy is really moaning now, bugging out his eyes at every nurse that passes by. He grabs his hip with both hands. Maybe he’s a heroin addict. They come to the hospital and pretend they’re hurt to get morphine. I watch him for minutes, trying to figure out if he’s real or fake. There aren’t any clocks. There are only beeps.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Chris shakes his paper. Page two is “86 Stories Down: Man Plunges from Empire State.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Jeez,” I say. I can’t believe it. “Is that about a guy jumping off the Empire State Building?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No.” Chris smiles, glancing at me over his shoulder. “Not at all.” He flips the paper back over. “You’re not supposed to be looking at this.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I chuckle. “That is too much.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“He lived!” Chris says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah, right.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“He did! And you will too.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Did someone tell this guy what I was in for? Or do all people with mental difficulties get shuttled to room 22?</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What’d he do? Hit a tree?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">But Chris has moved on to page four. “Not supposed to be looking at this.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Someone must have told him. He’s a cop in charge of making sure things are okay in the ER and someone must have told him they had a depressed kid in 22, and now he’s trying to be helpful.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I lie down on my stretcher, take my hoodie off, and throw it over my face. It’s not dark enough. I’m not going to be able to sleep. I’m sweating. I want to do push-ups, but I can’t on the stretcher, and it’s probably a bad idea to do them on the tiled floor, which doesn’t look recently mopped. I don’t need to go into Argenon Hospital for depression and come out with diphtheria.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Nurse! Nurse! <span class="italic">Please!”</span> the black man groans.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">“Waaa-taaa. Waaa-taaa,”</span> a woman croaks.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Hey, what’s up?” Chris answers his phone. “No, I’m on.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">Beep,</span> something beeps.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">These are the sounds of the hospital, the hospital, the hospital.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Hello, Craig?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">A doctor comes into 22. She has long, dark hair and a pudgy face and bright green eyes.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Hey.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m Dr. Data.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Dr. Data?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yes.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Huh. I want to ask her if she’s an android, but that wouldn’t be very respectful; and besides, I’m not up to it.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What’s going on?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I give her the rap. It gets shorter every time. I wanted to kill myself; I called the number; I came here. <span class="italic">Blah blah blah.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You did the right thing,” she says, “A lot of people get off their medication and get into big trouble.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“That’s what they tell me.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Now, besides wanting to jump off the Brooklyn Bridge, have you had anything else going on? Have you been seeing things? Hearing things?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Nope.” I’m <span class="italic">not</span> talking about the army guy. Same rules as with Dr. Barney.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Do your parents know you’re here?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Okay, well, let me tell you what we can do for you, Craig.” She takes out her stethoscope, holds it in her hands, and folds her short arms. She’s pretty. Her eyes are serious and beautiful. “It’s Saturday, and on Saturday our best psychologists are here, the really good ones. I’m going to recommend that you see Dr. Mahmoud. He’ll be in soon, and he’ll be able to give you the help you need.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I have a sudden vision of Dr. Mahmoud taking me into his office, a special shrink’s office within Argenon Hospital. It must be very pleasant and bare. There’s probably a black couch and a wide window and some Picassos. He’ll take me up there; we’ll have some emergency therapy; he’ll give me the kind of trick that Dr. Minerva has been unable to give me, effect the Shift, re-prescribe me Zoloft (maybe that fast-acting Zoloft!), and I’ll be on my way.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Sounds like a plan.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Now, you have to inform your parents about where you are, because when Dr. Mahmoud comes down, he’s going to need them to sign for you.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">“Ohhhhh.”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Is that going to be a problem?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No. I can do it.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Where are your parents?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Like two blocks away.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“They’re together? They’re supportive?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Are they going to be okay that you’re in here?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I sigh. “Yes. I’m the one who’s. .. not.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Don’t worry, it happens to a <span class="italic">lot</span> of people. It tends to be related to stress. Breathe for me, Craig.” She puts her stethoscope by my back and has me take deep breaths, cough, the whole deal. She doesn’t have to hold my balls, which is cool, because there’s no door.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I look out as she’s examining me. The black guy has a nurse leaning over him.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Dr. Mahmoud will be down soon. Call your parents, please, and make sure they’re here within two hours.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Two hours. Jeez. I’ve got to wait two more hours? “Gotcha.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Dr. Data nods at me. “We will help you.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Okay.” I try to smile.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">She heads out. I figure that, with the parents, I should get it over with as soon as possible. I flip open my cell phone. No service in the emergency room. I walk out of Room 22 to find a pay phone.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Chris rises from his chair.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Buddy, hey, I told ya, ya gotta ask me for things. What do you need?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I turn and look at him, eye his badge and nightstick. I realize what he is now. He’s not there in general or for the ER; he’s there for my <span class="italic">protection.</span> When you come into the hospital with a mental disability, <span class="italic">they put a cop next to you so you don’t hurt yourself.</span> I’m on like, <span class="italic">suicide watch.</span> You want to commit suicide, you call 1-800-SUICIDE; you get suicide watch.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Ahm, I have to call my mom.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Not a problem. Phones are right there. Dial nine.” He nods.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">The phones are like, three feet away. But Chris puts his hands on his hips and keeps close watch as I pick up a receiver.</span></p>
</div>  <div class="mbppagebreak" id="calibre_pb_24"></div></body></html>
