<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>It&amp;#8217;s Kind of a Funny Story</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
<link href="page_styles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>
  <body class="calibre">
<div class="calibre1">
<p id="filepos389402" class="calibre16"><span class="calibre17"><span class="bold"><a href=".html_split_003#filepos6990">twenty-three</a></span></span></p><div class="calibre18"> </div>
<p class="calibre10"><span class="calibre3">It’s been a while since a bunch of girls asked me over to their table. First time, really.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Me?” I point at myself.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No, the other new guy,” Blue Streak says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I’m not sure what to do with my tray. I get up, then turn back, then turn toward the girls, then swivel—</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“On the cart,” Blue Streak says. She turns to the big girl. “God, he’s so <span class="italic">cute.”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Did she just say that? I put my tray on the cart and sit at the vacant seat with the girls.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What’s your name?” Blue Streak asks.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Ah, Craig.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“So what’s it like to be the hottest guy in here, Craig?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">My body hitches and jerks up as if on a pulley system. She’s got it all wrong—<span class="italic">she’s</span> the hot one. It’s tough to tell whether her skin or teeth are the more perfect white. Her eyes are dark and her lips pouty and open; the blue streak accents the contrast of hair and face, and she smiles at me—that’s defi nitely smiling. I don’t know how I didn’t notice her hotness before, when I looked into the dining room.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Jennifer,” the big girl says. She leans toward me. “I’m Becca. Don’t take advantage of Jennifer; she’s a sex addict.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Jennifer smacks her lips: “Shut up!” She turns back. “I’m only here for one more day.” She slithers forward. “You want to spend it with me?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I think about what Humble would say. He would say <span class="italic">Yeah, absolutely,</span> because he’s the alpha male. I try to develop and drop my words, keeping my voice deep and level: “Yeah, absolutely.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Good,” she says, and there’s a heat on my knee and a hand moving up my leg. She leans in. “I think you’re really <span class="italic">hottt.”</span> The hand encloses my thigh. “I have my own private room because I’m so messed up they won’t let me sleep with anybody else.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You have your own private room because you’re a slut!” Becca corrects, and Jennifer kicks her.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Ow!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Without warning, the blond girl with the cuts on her face gets up and speed-walks out of the room. I look through the window for her: nothing.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Forget her,” Jennifer says. “She’s no good for you.” Then, sparking an out-of-body experience that truly makes me question whether I’m dreaming this, or have died and gone to some kind of awesome hell, she flicks her tongue around her lips in a perfect O.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Something flashes out in the hall. The blond girl streaks to the window. I can’t be sure it’s her. I mean, it is <span class="italic">a</span> her—it has breasts. And I think I recognize her small body and wife-beater. But I can’t see her face because she presses up a piece of paper against the glass:</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><small class="calibre22">BEWARE OF PENIS</small></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">The sign slides down as if on an elevator.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What are you looking at?” Jennifer asks, turning back. I eye her body as she swivels; from the waist up she doesn’t look like she has a penis. I keep my peripheral vision on the hall in case the messenger returns.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Ha!” Becca is like. “Noelle did it to you again.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“She what?” Jennifer stands. She has a round and totally female shape. Her legs are encased with jeans that have frills around her butt.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I can’t be<span class="italic">lieve</span> her … <span class="italic">hey.”</span> She turns back. “You looking at my pants?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah,” I gulp. I’ve lost all alpha maleness. Could I be like a theta male? They have to get lucky sometime. Being on top of the sexual food chain is a lot of pressure.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I made them myself,” she says. “I’m a fashion designer.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Wow, really? That’s like a real job.” My mind spins; it’s somehow fallen off the sex track into grade-school logic. “I thought you were <span class="italic">my</span> age; how’d you learn how to design clothes—”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“All right,” Smitty strides in. “Playtime’s over. C’mon, Charles.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What the hell!” Jennifer jumps a few inches in the air and stomps her feet. Then, horror of horrors, her voice drops two octaves. “You guys won’t let me have any fun!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">It’s a bad voice, even for a guy, like a frog croaking. Becca laughs and laughs, doubling over on herself, and all I can do is catch my breath and stare goggle-eyed at Jennifer for signs. It can’t be. She’s flat, that’s all. She has big hands; lots of girls have big hands. She doesn’t have an Adam’s apple—oh, wait, she’s wearing a turtleneck.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“C’mon, don’t bother Craig,” Smitty says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“But he’s so cute!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“He’s not cute, he’s a hospital patient like you. You’re supposed to get out tomorrow; don’t jeopardize it. Have you taken your medicine yet?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Hormone treatments.” Jennifer/Charles winks at me.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“C’mon, enough.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Becca laughs, sighs. “Oh, she got you good. I’m getting my meds.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I look down at the table as they leave. I need some meds. I glance up and see patients lined up at the desk next to the phone, the nurses’station, eagerly passing the time in their own little ways— President Armelio bopping from foot to foot, Jimmy holding the hand that refuses to work—before getting pills in little plastic cups. Jennifer/Charles and Becca eventually appear at the end of the line, chatting and gesticulating, and Jennifer/Charles blows me a kiss. I don’t think I need to be in line behind them right now. Besides, all I take is Zoloft in the morning; if they wanted me on something midday, they would have told me.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">When Becca and J/C are gone and I’m still sitting shell-shocked at the table, another sign appears at the window, this one inching up from below as if hoisted by spider threads:</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><small class="calibre22">DON’T WORRY. HE/SHE/IT GETS EVERYBODY, WELCOME TO SIX NORTH!</small></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">When I go out to find her, she isn’t there. I ask the nurse wrapping up her dispensing duties if I need any meds, and she says I’m not scheduled for any. I ask her if I <span class="italic">can</span> have some. She asks what I need them for. I tell her, to deal with this crazy place. She says if they had pills for that, they wouldn’t need places like this in the first place, would they?</span></p>
</div>  <div class="mbppagebreak" id="calibre_pb_31"></div></body></html>
