<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>It&amp;#8217;s Kind of a Funny Story</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
<link href="page_styles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>
  <body class="calibre">
<div class="calibre1">
<p id="filepos350988" class="calibre16"><span class="calibre17"><span class="bold"><a href=".html_split_003#filepos6523">twenty</a></span></span></p><div class="calibre18"> </div>
<p class="calibre10"><span class="calibre3">Bobby leads me into the bright hall with his odd gait.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Everybody’s in the dining room right now.” He gestures as we go down the sideways hall, the one that branches off of the one I entered. I look left— there’s the dining room, painted blue, overlooked by a television, full of circular tables, separated from the hall by that glass with the square wire mesh in it. Inside, the tables have been pushed aside, and a panoply of people sit in a loose circle.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I can’t even process them: they’re the motliest collection of people I’ve ever seen. An old man with a crazy beard (what happened to the shaving?) rocks back and forth; a gigantic black woman rests her chin on a cane; a burned-out-looking guy with long blond hair puts his hand through it; a stocky bald man with slitted eyes scratches his armpit and frowns; an older woman with glasses mimes what appears to be an eagle, talking, before turning and inspecting the back of her chair. The small man I saw in the hall twitches his leg. A girl with a streak of blue in her dark hair slumps over her chair like she’s obviously more messed up than the others; a big girl with a wan frown leans back and twiddles her thumbs; a black kid with wire-rim glasses sits perfectly still, and hey—there’s Jimmy from downstairs. He’s still got his stained shirt on, and he’s looking up at the lights. They must have processed him quick because he’s a return visitor.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">You can tell who the meeting leader is: a thin woman with short dark hair. Out of a dozen or so people, she’s the only one in a suit. Some people aren’t even in their clothes, but in dark blue robes, loose and V-necked at the top.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Hey, man,” Bobby says, pulling me down the hall. “If you’re really interested you can just sit in on the meeting.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No, I—”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m doing the tour so I can get out.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Heh.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Now, smokes are at—wait, you don’t smoke, do you?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Uh … I smoke <span class="italic">some</span> things—”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Cigarettes, I’m talking about.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No, I don’t.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Did they ask if you did?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“That’s probably because you’re underage. How old are you?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Fifteen.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Jesus! Okay, well, smokes are after breakfast, after lunch, at three in the afternoon, after dinner, and before lights out. Five times a day.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“All right.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Most people smoke. And if you had told them you smoked, they might have given you cigarettes.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Darn.” I chuckle.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It’s one of the only hospitals left that lets you smoke.” Bobby points behind us. “The smoking lounge is in the other hall.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">We come across a third hall, perpendicular to the one we’re in. I see that Six North is shaped like an H: where you enter is at the bottom of the left leg; the nurses’office is at the junction of the left leg and the center line; the dining room is at the junction of the center line and the right leg; and the rooms line the left and right legs. We’re passing them now, going toward the top right of the H: they’re simple doors with slots outside filled with slips of paper that say who’s living in them and who their doctor is. The patients are listed by their first names; the doctors by their last. I see <span class="italic">Betty/Dr. Mahmoud, Peter/Dr. Mullens, Muqtada/Dr. Mahmoud.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Where’s my room?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“They probably don’t have it set up yet; they’ll have it after lunch for sure. Okay, so here’s the shower—” He points to the right, to a door with a pink sliding plastic block on it between the words VACANT and OCCUPIED.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“When you’re inside, you’re supposed to put it to OCCUPIED, but people still don’t pay any attention, and there’s no lock on the door, so I like to keep real close to the door. It’s tough, ‘cause the water doesn’t reach.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“How do I make it say ‘Occupied’? From inside?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No, here.” Bobby slides the block. It covers up VACANT and only OCCUPIED appears.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“That’s pretty cool.” I push it back. It’s a simple system, but I wouldn’t know if Bobby hadn’t showed me.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Is there a guys’bathroom and a girls’bathroom?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It’s not a bathroom, it’s a shower. You have your own bathroom in your room. But it’s unisex, yeah. There’s a shower in the other hall too"—we keep walking—"but I wouldn’t use it. It bothers Solomon.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Who’s Solomon?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">We come to the end of the hall. The windows have two panes of glass with blinds, somehow, <span class="italic">between</span> them. Outside it’s a cloud-spattered May Brooklyn day. Chairs line the dead end. As we approach, a wilted little girl with blond hair and cuts on her face looks up from a pad of something and scurries into a nearby room.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“They show movies here sometimes.” Bobby shrugs. “Sometimes at the other end by the smoking lounge.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Uh-huh. Who was that?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Noelle. They moved her in from teen.” We turn around. “Medications are given out after breakfast, after lunch, and before bed. We take them over there.” Bobby points to a desk across from the dining room, where Smitty sits, pouring soda. “That’s the nurses’<span class="italic">station;</span> the other place is the nurses’<span class="italic">office.</span> All your lockers and stuff are behind the nurses’station.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“They took my cell phone.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah, they do that.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What about e-mail?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What?” We’re back by the dining room. I slow my pace. Inside, the stocky bald man with squinty eyes who was frowning is speaking slowly and plaintively:</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“. . . Some people here who treat you like they have no respect for you as a human being, which I take personal offense to, and just because I went to my doctor and told him, ‘I’m not afraid of dying; I’m only afraid of living, and I want to put a bayonet through my stomach,’that doesn’t mean I’m afraid of any of <span class="italic">you.”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Let’s concentrate on our discussion of things that make us happy, Humble,” says the psychologist.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“And I know about psychologists, when they’re writing down what you’re saying they’re really writing down how much money they’re going to get when they sell their latest yacht, because they’re all yuppies with no respect. …”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“C’mon,” Bobby taps me.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Is his name Humble?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah. He’s from Bensonhurst.” Bensonhurst is a particularly retro section of Brooklyn, an Italian and Jewish neighborhood where a girl can walk down the street and have a car full of guys cruise up to her: <span class="italic">Hey baby, you wanna ride?</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Where are you from?” I ask.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Sheepshead Bay.” That’s another old-time Brooklyn ‘hood. Russian. All these parts are far out.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m from here,” I say.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What, this neighborhood? This neighborhood is nice.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah, I guess so.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Man, I’d give my one remaining ball to live here, I tell you that. I’m trying to get into a home around here, at the Y. Anyway—there’s the phone.” He points to our left. There’s a pay phone with a yellow receiver. “It’s on until ten at night,” he says. “The number to call back is written right on it, and it’s on your sheet too, if you need people to call back. If someone calls for you, don’t worry, some-one’ll find you.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Bobby stops a second.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“That’s it.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">It’s really very simple.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What do we <span class="italic">do</span> in here?” I ask.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“They have activities; a guy comes and plays guitar. Joanie comes in with arts and crafts. Other than that, you know, just take phone calls; try and get out, really.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“How long do people stay?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Kid like you, got money, got a family, you’ll be out in a few days.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I look at Bobby’s deep-sunk eyes. I get the feeling—I don’t know how I know the rules of mental-ward etiquette; maybe I was born with them; maybe I knew I’d end up here—but I get the feeling that one big no-no in this place is asking people how they got here. It’d be a little like walking up to somebody in prison and going “So? So? What’s up, huh? Didja kill somebody? <span class="italic">Didja?”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">But I also get the impression that you can <span class="italic">volunteer</span> the reasons you got here at any time and no one will judge; no one will think you’re too crazy or not crazy enough, and that’s how you make friends. After all, what else is there to talk about? So I tell Bobby: “I’m here because I suffer from serious depression.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Me too.” He nods. “Since I was fifteen.” And his eyes shine with blackness and horror. We shake hands.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Hey, Craig!” Smitty says from his desk. “We got your room ready; you want to meet your roommate?”</span></p>
</div>  <div class="mbppagebreak" id="calibre_pb_28"></div></body></html>
