<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>It&amp;#8217;s Kind of a Funny Story</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
<link href="page_styles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>
  <body class="calibre">
<div class="calibre1">
<p id="filepos464513" class="calibre16"><span class="calibre17"><span class="bold"><a href=".html_split_003#filepos7781">twenty-eight</a></span></span></p><div class="calibre18"> </div>
<p class="calibre10"><span class="calibre3">“Craig! Hey buddy! Phone!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I’m sitting with Humble outside the smoking lounge for the 10 P.M. cigarette break, thinking about where I was at the last 10 P.M.: just getting into Mom’s bed. Humble doesn’t smoke, says it’s disgusting, but everyone else in here does, practically, including the black guy who’s afraid of gravity; and the big girl, Becca, both of whom I thought were underage. Armelio, Ebony, Bobby, Johnny, Jimmy … no matter how nuts they all seem, they have no problem migrating to the upper left of the H and sitting down on the couches quietly to wait for their particular brand of cigarettes, which I learn the hospital does not, in fact, provide for them—they come in with the packs themselves and the nurses keep them in a special tray. Once they pull a cigarette out of their respective packs, they walk single file through a red door, passing Nurse Monica, whose job is to light everybody up. When the door closes, the smell drifts out from under it and you hear talking—everybody talking all at once, as if they saved their words for a time when there was smoke to send them through.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“How’re you doing for your first day, Craig?” Nurse Monica asked me five minutes ago, as she closed the door. “You don’t smoke, I see.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“That’s good. Terrible habit. And it happens so much to people your age.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“A lot of my friends smoke. I just, you know . . . never liked it.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I see you are adjusting quite well to the floor.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Good, good, that is so important. Tomorrow we’re going to talk more about your adjustment and your situation and how you’re feeling.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Okay.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You gotta watch out for this one,” Humble said. “He’s crafty.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Oh yeah?” Monica asked.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I was looking for the blond girl, Noelle—I had to remember to meet her—but she wasn’t around. Neither was Solomon. Next to Humble was the woman he identified as the Professor, watching us with her bugged-out eyes. Unprompted, Humble started talking with me and Monica about this old girlfriend of his, who had, in his words, “pig-tail nipples, like curly fries, I kid you not.” Monica laughed and laughed. The Professor said Humble was disgusting. Monica said it was okay to laugh once in a while, and did she have a story to share?</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah, we all know you had some indiscretions in your youth, Professor,” Humble prodded.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">The Professor got a dreamy look in her eyes. I almost thought she was going to have a seizure. And she said, in a light little voice, with a nasal twinge: “I had a lot of guys, but I only had one <span class="italic">man.”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I was wondering where I’d heard that before, when Armelio interrupted.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“C’mon buddy! Phone is for you!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Right.” I get up.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You’re lucky, buddy. It’s after ten. They usually shut the phone off at ten.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">Shut the phone off.</span> I picture a big lever in my mind, a man heaving it down.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What happens if someone calls and the phone’s off?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It just rings and rings,” Humble yells out, “and people know they’re not in Kansas anymore.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I walk down the hall. The pay-phone receiver is hanging and swaying. I pick it up.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Hello?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Hey, is this the loony bin?” It’s Aaron. It’s Aaron, high.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“How’d you get this number?” I ask. The man with the beard, who I saw rocking in the dining room when I first came in, is pacing the central hall, staring at me.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“My girl gave it to me, what do you think? What’s it like in there, dude?” Aaron asks.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“How do you know where I am?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I looked it up, man! You think I’m an idiot? I go to the same school as you! I did a reverse number search and found exactly where you are: Argenon Hospital, Adult Psychiatric! Dude, how’d you get in <span class="italic">adult?</span> Do they serve beer up there?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Aaron, c’mon.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m serious. How about girls? Are there any hot girls around—<span class="italic">ow!”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I hear laughing in the background, above rap. “Gimme the phone!” Ronny’s high-pitched bleat comes through the line. “Lemme talk!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Ronny comes into focus: “Dude, can you get me any Vicodin?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Howls. Howls of laughter. And in the background, Nia protesting: “Guys, don’t bother him.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">“Gimme</span>—Craig, no, seriously.” Aaron is back on. “I’m really sorry dude. I . . . just, how <span class="italic">are</span> you, man?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m . . . okay.” I’m starting to sweat.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What happened?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I didn’t have a good night, and I checked myself into the hospital.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What’s that mean, ‘didn’t have a good night’?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">The man in my stomach is back, tugging at me. I want to vomit <span class="italic">through</span> the phone.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m depressed, okay, Aaron?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah, I know, about what?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No, man, I’m depressed <span class="italic">in general.</span> I have like, clinical depression.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No way! You’re like the happiest guy I know!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What are you <span class="italic">talking</span> about?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“That’s a joke, Craig. You’re like the craziest person I know. Remember on the bridge? But, you know, the problem is you don’t <span class="italic">chill</span> enough. Like even when you’re here, you’re always worried about school or something; you never just kick back and let things <span class="italic">slide</span>, you know what I mean? We’re having a party tonight—where are you gonna be?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Aaron, who’s in the room?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Nia, Ronny, Scruggs, uh .. . my friend Delilah.” I don’t even know Delilah.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“So all these people know where I am now.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Dude, we think it’s awesome where you are! We want to visit!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I can’t believe you.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I can’t believe you’re doing this.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Don’t be a girl. You know if I was in the mental ward, you’d call me up and rag on me a little. It’s because we’re friends, man!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It’s not a mental ward.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It’s a psychiatric hospital. It’s for short-stay patients. A mental ward is longer.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Well, clearly you’ve been there long enough to be an expert. How long are you staying?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Until I have a baseline established.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What does that mean? Wait, I still don’t get it: what was wrong with you in the first place?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I told you, I’m depressed. I take pills for it like your girlfriend.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Like my girlfriend?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Craig, shut up!” Nia yells in the background.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“My girlfriend doesn’t take any pills,” Aaron says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Ronny yells, “The only thing she takes is—” The rest is cut off by laughter and I hear him getting hit with something.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Maybe you should talk to her a little more and figure out what she’s actually like,” I say. “You might learn something.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You’re telling me how to treat Nia now?” Aaron asks. I hear him lick his lips. “What, like I don’t know what this is really about?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What, Aaron. What is it really about?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You want my girl, dude. You’ve wanted her for like two years. You’re mad that you didn’t get her, and now you’ve decided to turn being mad into being depressed, and now you’re off somewhere, probably getting turned into somebody’s bitch, trying to play the pity card to get her to end up with you … And I call you <span class="italic">as a friend</span> to try and lighten your mood and you hit me with all of this crap? Who do you think you <span class="italic">are?”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yo, Aaron.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I’m going to do a trick Ronny showed me. He used to do it a long time ago, and I think Aaron’s forgotten it.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yo.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yo.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What?!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo—”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I pause. Hold it, hold it. . .</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">“Fuck you.“</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">And I slam the phone down.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">It hits my finger and I go howling into my room, next to Muqtada.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What happened?” he asks.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I don’t have any friends,” I say, jumping and holding my finger.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“This is tough thing to learn.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I look out the window, through the blinds, into the night. Now I’m really screwed. I run my finger under cold water in our bathroom. I didn’t think I could get more screwed than last night, but here I am. I’m in a hospital. I’ve sunk to the lowest place I can be. I’m in a place where I’m not allowed to shave by myself—even if I needed to shave biologically—because they’re worried that I’ll use the razors on myself. <span class="italic">And everyone knows.</span> I’m in a place where people have no teeth and eat liquid food. <span class="italic">And everyone knows.</span> I’m in a place where the guy I eat with lives in his car. <span class="italic">And everyone knows.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I can’t function here anymore. I mean in life: I can’t function in this life. I’m no better off than when I was in bed last night, with one difference: when I was in my own bed—or my mom’s—I could do something about it; now that I’m here I can’t do anything. I can’t ride my bike to the Brooklyn Bridge; I can’t take a whole bunch of pills and go for the good sleep; the only thing I can do is crush my head in the toilet seat, and I still don’t even know if that would work. They take away your options and all you can do is <span class="italic">live,</span> and it’s just like Humble said: <span class="italic">I’m not afraid of dying; I’m afraid of living.</span> I was afraid before, but I’m afraid even more now that I’m a public joke. The teachers are going to hear from the students. They’ll think I’m trying to make an excuse for bad work.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I get in bed and put the single topsheet over me. “This sucks.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You are depressed?” Muqtada says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I, too, suffer from depression.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I feel the Cycling starting again—I’m going to get out of here at some point and have to go back into my real life. This place isn’t real. This is a facsimile of life, for broken people. I can handle the facsimile, but I can’t handle the real thing. I’m going to have to go back to Executive Pre-Professional and deal with teachers and Aaron and Nia because what the hell else do I know? I staked everything on that stupid test. What else am I good at?</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Nothing. I’m good at nothing.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I get up and go to the nurses’station.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m not going to be able to sleep.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You’re not able to sleep?” The nurse is a white-haired little old lady with glasses.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No, I <span class="italic">know</span> I’m not going to be <span class="italic">able</span> to sleep,” I respond. “I’m taking preemptive action.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“We have a sedative, called Atavan. It’s injectable. It’ll relax you and make you sleep.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Let’s do it,” I say, and with Smitty’s supervision, over by the phones, I sit down and have a small needle attached to what looks like a butterfly clip stuck in my arm. I stare forward as something yellow is pumped into me and then I stumble off into my room—stumble because I can feel it hitting me even as I get up from the chair. It’s some kind of powerful muscle relaxant, and loving hands pull me down as I crash into bed past Muqtada, but the last thought I have before I go to sleep is:</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">Great, soldier, now you’re depressed and in the hospital and a drug addict. And everyone knows.</span></span></p>
</div>  <div class="mbppagebreak" id="calibre_pb_36"></div></body></html>
