<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>It&amp;#8217;s Kind of a Funny Story</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
<link href="page_styles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>
  <body class="calibre">
<div class="calibre1">
<p id="filepos531501" class="calibre16"><span class="calibre17"><span class="bold"><a href=".html_split_003#filepos8536">thirty-two</a></span></span></p><div class="calibre18"> </div>
<p class="calibre10"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">“So who here likes to draw-awww?”</span> Joanie asks. Joanie is a big smiling lady with lots of makeup and bracelets. She rules the activity lounge, which is <span class="italic">exactly</span> like the art room I had when I was in kindergarten. There are patient-contributed paintings of hamburgers and dogs and kites on the walls and then there are posters—OBSTACLES ARE THOSE FRIGHTENING THINGS THAT APPEAR WHEN WE TAKE OUR MIND OFF OUR GOALS; DREAMS ARE ONLY DREAMS UNTIL YOU WAKE UP AND MAKE THEM REAL; THINGS I HAVE TO DO TODAY: 1) BREATHE IN 2) BREATHE OUT. The alphabet, thankfully, is nowhere to be seen; if I saw <span class="italic">Aa Bb</span> I’d probably start the Cycling again. There is one interesting poster: PEOPLE WITH MENTAL ILLNESS CONTRIBUTE TO OUR WORLD. It lists Abraham Lincoln, Ernest Hemingway, Winston Churchill, Isaac Newton, Sylvia Plath, and a bunch of other smart people who were kind of nuts.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">It’s depressing, though. I mean, this room is what I <span class="italic">expect</span> a mental hospital to look like. Adults reduced to children, sitting with finger paints; a jolly supervisor telling them that everything they do is <span class="italic">great.</span> But isn’t this what I was asking for when I was filling out my menus?</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">You wanted preschool, soldier, you got preschool.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">I wanted the comfort of preschool, not the ambience.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">You gotta take the good with the bad. Like your little chicky here. I bet you didn’t think you’d come in here and find a fine filly like that.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">Well, she’s not a filly.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I have a feeling <span class="italic">filly</span> means <span class="italic">girlfriend.</span> I look at Noelle. We’re trying to decide where to sit.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">I only talked with her once.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">She likes you, boy, and if you can’t tell that, you aren’t going to be able to tell a rifle from a cap gun in this war.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">What war is that, again?</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">The one you’re fighting with your own head.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">Right, how are we doing?</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">You’re making gains, soldier, can’t you see that?</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Noelle and I sit with Humble and the Professor.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I see you two have made each other’s acquaintance,” Humble says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Leave them alone,” the Professor says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Where were you?” Humble continues. “Were you in a tree, <span class="italic">K-I-S-S-I-N-G?”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Nothing’s happening,” Noelle says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“We’re just sitting together,” I say.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">‘"Craig and No-elle, sitting in a tree—’” He gets up and puts his hands on his hips, sashaying.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Hold on, now, what’s going on here?” Joanie comes over. “Is there a problem, Mr. Koper?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No. What? What are you talking about?” He holds up his hands, sits down. “You mean me?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Joanie scoffs and announces: “This is free-period arts recreational therapy, for all you latecomers!” Humble points at me and Noelle, making a little <span class="italic">shame on you</span> gesture. “That means you can draw whatever you feel like. It’s a great chance to explore your creativity and find out what you like to do for leisure! Leisure is <span class="italic">very important!”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Joanie comes up behind me when she’s done announcing: “You’re new. Hi, my name is Joanie. I’m the recreation director.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Craig,” I shake her hand.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You want pencil and paper, Craig?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No. I don’t have anything to do. I can’t draw.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Sure you can. It doesn’t have to be representative. You can do abstract. Do you want <span class="italic">crayons?”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No.” God, it’s so embarrassing. Being asked if you want <span class="italic">crayons.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“How about paints?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I told you, I can’t draw.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Paints are for painting, not drawing.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Well, I can’t do that either.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What about markers?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Everyone?” Joanie turns to the room. “Our new guest, Craig, has what we call an <span class="italic">artistic block.</span> He doesn’t have anything to draw!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“That’s too bad, buddy!” Armelio yells from his table. “You want to play cards?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Armelio, no cards in here. Now, can anyone give Craig something he can draw?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Fish!” Bobby yells out. “Fish are easy.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Pills,” Johnny says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Johnny,” Joanie admonishes. “We do <span class="italic">not</span> draw pills.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Salad,” says Ebony.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“She wants you to draw it, but she sure as hell can’t eat it,” Humble guffaws.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Mister Koper! That’s it. Please leave the room.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">“Ohh-hhhhhh,”</span> everybody says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“That’s <span class="italic">right!”</span> Ebony calls. She makes the umpire gesture. “You’re <span class="italic">outta here!”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Fine,” Humble stands up. “Whatever. Blame me. Blame the guy who has total respect for everybody else.” He gathers his things, which is nothing, and steps out of the activity lounge. “You’re all a bunch of yuppies!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I watch him go.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You can draw a cat!” the guy who’s afraid of gravity says. “I used to have one. It died.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Rolling pin,” the bearded man says. It’s the first words I’ve heard him say since I saw him in the dining room on my way in. He still rocks and he still paces the halls whenever he isn’t shuttled into a room.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What was that, Robert?” Joanie asks. “That’s <span class="italic">very</span> good. <span class="italic">What</span> did you say?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">But he clams up. He won’t say it again. <span class="italic">Rolling pin.</span> I wonder what that means to him. If I had one thing to say, I don’t think it would be rolling pin. It would probably be <span class="italic">sex.</span> Or <span class="italic">Shift.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“He can draw something from his childhood,” Noelle says next to me.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Oh, there’s a good one. Noelle, you want to speak up?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">She sighs, then announces to the room: “Craig can draw something from his <span class="italic">childhood.”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“That’s right,” Joanie nods. “Craig, do you like any of these suggestions?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">But I’m already gone. I’ve got the river started at the top of the page, looping down to meet with a second river. No, wait, you have to put in the roads first, because the bridges go over the water, remember? Highways first, then rivers, then streets. It’s all coming back to me. How long has it been since I did this? Since I was <span class="italic">nine?</span> How could I forget? I slash a highway across the center of the page and make it meet with another in a beautiful spaghetti interchange. One ramp goes off the junction through a park and ends in a circle, a nice hubbub of residential activity. The blocks start out from there. The map is forming. My own city.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Oh, somebody got Craig’s mind unblocked!” Joanie announces from the other end of the room. I glance back. Ebony, who’s been sitting over there, goes through the arduous process of getting up with her cane and walks toward me. “I want to see.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Huh, thanks Ebony,” I say, turning back to the map.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">She looks over my shoulder. “Oooh that’s pretty,” she says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What is it?” Armelio yells.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Let’s not yell across the room,” Joanie says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“That is extraordinary,” the Professor says next to me.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I deserve half-credit,” says Noelle, sketching out a flower to my right. She glances at me through the sides of her eyes. “You know I do.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You do,” I tell her, taking a break to look at her. I go back to the map. It’s flowing out of me.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Is that somebody’s <span class="italic">brain?”</span> Ebony asks.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I look up at her, rolling her mouth and smiling down. I look at the map. It’s not a brain, clearly; it’s a <span class="italic">map;</span> can’t she see the rivers and highways and interchanges? But I see how it <span class="italic">could</span> look like a brain, like if all roads were twisted neurons, pulling your emotions from one place to another, bringing the city to life. A working brain is probably a lot like a map, where anybody can get from one place to another on the freeways. It’s the nonworking brains that get blocked, that have dead ends, that are under construction like mine.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah,” I say, nodding up at her. “Yeah. That’s exactly what it is. It’s a brain.” And I stop my map in the middle—this was always a problem for me, <span class="italic">finishing</span> the damn things; I always ran out of energy before I got to the edge of the page—and draw a head around it. I put a nose and two paired indentations for lips and a neck running down. I draw the head so that right where the brain would be is this blob of city street map. I make a traffic circle the eye and bring down boulevards to lead to the mouth, and Ebony giggles above me, taps her cane.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It’s so pretty!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It’s all right,” I say, looking down. I decide it’s done. I can do better. I put my initials in the bottom—CG, like “computer-generated"—and put the picture aside. I ask for more paper and start the next one.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">It’s easy. It’s easy and pretty and I can do it. I can make these things forever. For the rest of arts and crafts, I make five.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I get so concentrated that I don’t even notice when Noelle leaves. I only find her note, sitting next to me, decorated with a flower, as I gather up my things from the room.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><small class="calibre22">I’M TAKING A BREAK FROM YOU. CAN’T GET TOO ATTACHED. THE NEXT MEETING WILL BE TUESDAY, SAME TIME AND PLACE. DON’T BE WORRIED THAT IT’S SUCH A LONG WAIT. I THINK YOU’RE LOVELY.</small></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I fold the note and put it in my pocket next to the other one. After arts and crafts is dinner, where Humble tells me he forgives me for getting him in trouble, and I thank him, and after dinner is cards with Armelio, who tells me that now that I’ve gotten a little experience under my belt, I might be ready for the big card tournament they’re having tomorrow night.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Do you play with real money?” I ask.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Nope, buddy! We play with buttons!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I hang outside the lounge during cigarette break—I basically just follow the group; wherever they go, I go—and talk with Bobby about my day. Then I go into my room with my map/brain art. My bed hasn’t been made during the day—they don’t pamper you in Six North—but the pillow has returned to its normal shape, no longer dented in by my sweaty head, and when I lie down it lets out air in the most slow, soothing hiss I’ve ever heard.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You are feeling better?” Muqtada asks.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Quite a bit,” I say. “You’ve really got to get out of the room more, Muqtada. There’s a whole world out there.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I pray every day that someday I will get better like you.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m not that much better, man.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">But I’m good enough to sleep. No shot necessary.</span></p>
</div>  <div class="mbppagebreak" id="calibre_pb_41"></div></body></html>
