<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>It&amp;#8217;s Kind of a Funny Story</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
<link href="page_styles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>
  <body class="calibre">
<div class="calibre1">
<p id="filepos56257" class="calibre16"><span class="calibre17"><span class="bold"><a href=".html_split_003#filepos3584">four</a></span></span></p><div class="calibre18"> </div>
<p class="calibre10"><span class="calibre3">“I wanted to make maps,” I tell Dr. Minerva.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Maps of what?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Cities.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“On the computer?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No, by hand.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I see.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I don’t think there’s much of a market for that.” I smile.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Maybe not, maybe so.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">What a shrink answer.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I can’t take maybes. I have to make money.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“We’re going to talk more about money next time. We have to stop now.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I look at the clock. 7:03. She always gives an extra three minutes.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What are you going to do when you leave, Craig?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">She always asks that. What am I always going to do? I’m going to go home and freak out. I’m going to sit with my family and try not to talk about myself and what’s wrong. I’m going to try and eat. Then I’m going to try and sleep. I dread it. I can’t eat and I can’t sleep. I’m not doing well in terms of being a functional human, you know?</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">Hey, soldier, what’s the matter?</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">I can’t sleep and I can’t eat, sir!</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">How about I pump you full of lead, soldier, would that get you motivated?</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Can’t say, sir! I’d probably still be unable to sleep or eat, just a little bit heavier from the lead.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Get up there and fight, soldier! The enemy is there!</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">The enemy is too strong. I can’t fight them. They’re too smart.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">You’re smart too, soldier.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Not smart enough.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">So you’re just going to give up?</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">That’s the plan.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m going to just keep at it,” I tell Dr. Minerva. “That’s all I can do. I’ll keep at it and hope it gets better.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Are you taking your medicine?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yes.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Are you seeing Dr. Barney?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Dr. Barney is the psychopharmacologist. He’s the one who prescribes me meds and sends me to peo-pie like Dr. Minerva. He’s a trip in his own way, a little fat Santa with rings embedded in his fingers.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yes, later in the week.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You know to do what he says.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Yes, Doctor. I’ll do what you say. I’ll do what you all say.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Here,” I hand Dr. Minerva the check from my mom.</span></p>
</div>  <div class="mbppagebreak" id="calibre_pb_8"></div></body></html>
