<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>It&amp;#8217;s Kind of a Funny Story</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
<link href="page_styles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>
  <body class="calibre">
<div class="calibre1">
<p id="filepos510986" class="calibre16"><span class="calibre17"><span class="bold"><a href=".html_split_003#filepos8379">thirty-one</a></span></span></p><div class="calibre18"> </div>
<p class="calibre10"><span class="calibre3">At 6:55 P.M. I position myself at the end of the hall where I met with my parents yesterday and again today—around three, without Sarah this time; she was at a friend’s house. Dad didn’t crack any jokes and Mom brought the shirt for Bobby, who shook her hand and told her <span class="italic">Your son is great</span> and she told him she knew that. Dad asked whether we got to watch movies, and I told him that we did, but that since so many people were older, it was really boring movies with Cary Grant and Greta Garbo and stuff, and he asked if I wouldn’t enjoy him bringing over <span class="italic">Blade II</span> on DVD. And I checked with Howard and it turned out the hospital had a DVD player like everyone else in the world and so Dad and I made a date for Wednesday night, in three days, when he didn’t have to work late. He’d come by with <span class="italic">Blade II</span> and we’d all watch it.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">The place I’m sitting in is the part of the H that mirrors the part next to the smoking lounge; Noelle said she didn’t smoke, so I think she wants to meet here. I didn’t tell my parents about her. I did tell them that I talked to my friends, that it didn’t go well, but that they were probably part of the problem anyway and it was good to stay away from them for a while. Mom said she knew my friends smoked pot and they were probably a bad influence anyway. Dad said <span class="italic">Now you yourself haven’t smoked pot, right, Craig?</span> and I told him no, no I hadn’t, not before the SATs like he told me. And we all laughed.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">They asked how I was eating and I told them I was eating fine, which was true.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">They asked how I was sleeping and I told them I was sleeping fine, which I hoped would be true tonight.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Now I sit with my legs crossed, only I think that looks weird, so I uncross them, only now I’m cold and nervous, so I cross them again. Right at 7:00 P.M. Noelle, in the same clothes I saw her in yesterday—dark Capri pants and a white wife-beater— comes down the hall.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">She sits in the chair next to me and moves the hair away from her face with small fingers with no nail polish on them.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You came,” she says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Well, yeah, you passed me a note. That’s like the first time a girl passed me a <span class="italic">note.”</span> I smile. I try to sit up and look good in my chair.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“We’re going to make this quick,” she says. “And it’s going to be a game.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Five minutes, right?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Right. Here’s the game: it’s just questions. I ask you a question, and you ask me a question.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Okay. Do you have to answer?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“If you want, you can answer. But no matter what, you have to end with another question.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“So we’re trading questions. Like twenty questions. Why do we have to talk like this?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It’s the best way to get to know a person. And in five minutes we can do way more than twenty questions. If we don’t dilly-dally. I’m starting. Ready?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I concentrate. “Yeah.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No, answer with a question. Don’t tell me you’re stupid. Are you stupid?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No!” I shake my head. “Uh … are <span class="italic">you</span> ready?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“There you go. We’re on. First question: Do you think I’m gross-looking?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Gosh, she cuts right to the chase. I look her over. I’m a little ashamed of how I do it, because I look at her from the bottom up, like I would if she were on the Internet. I look at her feet ending in simple black sneakers and her small ankles and her pale lower legs and the indentation in the Capri pants where the pants start, under her knee, and up her body to her small waist and then the sharp bulge of her breasts and then her neck, coming through the uneven, distended neckline of her wife-beater, and her small chin and lips. The cuts on her face line her cheeks and forehead: little parallel slashes, three together in each place, with clumps of white skin on the ends where they’re healing. They don’t look like very deep cuts, and they’re thin—I have a feeling that when they heal up she’ll look just fine. And she’s beautiful. No question. Her eyes are green and knowing.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No, you look awesome,” I say.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What’s your question?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Uh, why did you pass me the note?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I thought you were interesting. Why did you do what it said?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I …” I can’t think up a fake answer quickly enough. “I’m a straight guy, you know. So if a girl talks to me or whatever, I’ll do exactly what she says.” Wait, now: <span class="italic">make it a compliment.</span> “Especially if it’s a <span class="italic">pretty</span> girl.” I smile.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You’re not very good at this game. What’s your <span class="italic">question?”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Oh. Right. Ah . . . are you straight?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">She sighs. <span class="italic">“Yes.</span> Don’t get too excited. You don’t have a boner, do you?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">“No!</span> “ I cross my legs. “No. So . . . how’d you get here?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Oh, that’s a big one. Crossing the line. What do you think?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Someone came in on you while you were cutting your face?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">“Ding ding ding!</span> Afterward, actually. I was bleeding all over the sink. How’d you get here?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I checked myself in. <span class="italic">When</span> did you get here?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">“Why</span> did you check yourself in? Twenty-one days ago. Whoops. Reverse those. Pretend I ended with the question.” She rubs her arms.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I wasn’t doing well. I called, you know, the Suicide Hotline, and they told me to come here. Why have you been here so long?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“They’re not sure I won’t hurt myself again. What medication are you on?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Zoloft. What about you?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Paxil. Where do you live?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Around here. Where do you live?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Manhattan. What do your parents do?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“My mom designs greeting cards and my dad works in health insurance. What about yours?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“My mom’s a lawyer and my dad’s dead. Do you want to know how he died?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m sorry. How? <span class="italic">Do</span> I want to know?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“That’s two questions. Yes, you do. He died fishing. He fell off a boat. Isn’t that the stupidest thing you ever heard?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No. Not by a <span class="italic">long shot”</span> I say. “You want to know what I think is the stupidest way to die?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Auto-erotic asphyxiation. You know what that is?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“When people put ropes around themselves while they’re jerking off, right?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Right. I read about it in the <span class="italic">DSM</span>. Have you ever read the <span class="italic">DSM</span>?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“The big book of psych disorders?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Of course. Have you ever heard of Ondine’s Curse?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Oh my God! I thought I was the only one who knew about that. Where you forget how to breathe. Uh . . . where did you first see the <span class="italic">DSM</span>?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“On my shrink’s bookshelf. You?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Same. You call them ‘shrinks’too?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“That’s what they are, right?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What does that even mean?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I think ‘headshrinks,’because they shrink people’s heads. You think I have all the answers?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I stop. I need a break. I put my hands on my knees and rock forward. This game is hard. “Is your name really Noelle?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Why wouldn’t it be?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“After the whole thing at lunch yesterday, I don’t know what to believe. Do you know what my name is?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Of course. Craig Gilner. You think I’m an idiot?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“How’d you know my last name?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I read your bracelet. You want to read mine?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“’Noelle Hinton.’Hey …” I think, “So here’s one: Did you know what was going to <span class="italic">happen</span> at lunch yesterday?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“With ‘Jennifer’? Of course. He does that to everybody. What I’m curious about is this: why’d you come over?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I thought she—uh, he—was, y’know, a <span class="italic">girl.</span> And I got asked—”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Why did you come <span class="italic">here?’’</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Wait, I forgot to ask you a question.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“That’s okay. You have one point. Why’d you come here?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Um, I thought I said: because you’re a girl. And you asked me. And you seem cool?” <span class="italic">You already said she’s beautiful; now show you’re not shallow and say she’s cool.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Watching you try and answer these questions right is hilarious. You’re a silly boy. You know you’re silly, right?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Noelle leans back and stretches. Her hair falls away from her face and her cuts scream up into the light. The lines of her wife-beater echo her hair.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You know those cuts on your face really aren’t that bad?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“How long have I been here, Craig?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You told me twenty-one days. Is that true?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah. Can you imagine what they looked like when I came in?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Are they going to scar?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I have to have surgery to clear them up. You think I should?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No. Why hide what you’ve been through?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I don’t know if that’s really a question. It’s too obvious. Wouldn’t I be happier without scars?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I don’t know. It’s tough to tell what would make you happy. I thought I’d be happier in a really tough high school, and I ended up here. Wait, where do you go to school?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Delfin.” That’s a private school in Manhattan; I think it’s the last one where they have to wear uniforms. “You?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Executive Pre-Professional. Do you have to wear uniforms?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Are you like a school-uniform pervert?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No. Well. . . <span class="italic">no.”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Two points. You didn’t ask a question. Do you like this game?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I like talking to you. It’s like a math problem. Do you like talking to me?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It’s all right. Do you like math?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I thought I was good at it, but it turns out I’m a year behind everybody else. You?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m bad in school. I spend most of my time in ballet. But I’m not tall enough for that. Have you ever been not tall enough for anything?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Maybe some rides, when I was a little kid. Why?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m still too short for those rides. It sucks to be short. Remember that.” She stops.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“One point for you.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“That’s three for you. Game over.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Okay, cool.” I sit back in my seat. <span class="italic">“Phew.</span> What now?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">“That’s</span> a good question. I have no idea. I’ve got to go to arts and crafts.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Me too.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You want to go together?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Sure.” I stop. That’s a come-on, isn’t it? “Can we . . . uh . . . can I like kiss you or whatever?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Noelle leans back and laughs and laughs. “No you can’t <span class="italic">kiss</span> me! What, you think we play the game once and you get to <span class="italic">kiss</span> me?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Well, I thought we had a thing going.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Craig.” She leans in and looks me right in the eyes. “No.” She smiles. The cuts crinkle.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Do you know when you’re leaving?” I ask.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Thursday.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">My heart jumps. “Me too.” I start to lean forward—</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No. <span class="italic">No,</span> Craig. Arts and crafts.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Okay.” I get up. I hold out my hand for Noelle. She ignores it.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Race you!” she says, and sprints down the hall into the activity lounge, with me following, trying to keep up—how can I not, when my legs are so much longer? Does ballet teach you to run? Howard yells at us as we pass the nurses’station—"Kids! Kids! No running on the floor!"—but I really don’t care.</span></p>
</div>  <div class="mbppagebreak" id="calibre_pb_40"></div></body></html>
