<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>It&amp;#8217;s Kind of a Funny Story</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
<link href="page_styles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>
  <body class="calibre">
<div class="calibre1">
<p id="filepos501165" class="calibre16"><span class="calibre17"><span class="bold"><a href=".html_split_003#filepos8226">thirty</a></span></span></p><div class="calibre18"> </div>
<p class="calibre10"><span class="calibre3">Nurse Monica brings me into the same office that I was interviewed in the day before, to ask me how I’m adjusting. I look at the white walls and the table where she showed me the pain chart and think that I’ve actually come kind of far since yesterday; I’ve eaten and slept; you can’t deny that. Eating and sleeping will do a body good. I needed the shot, though.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“How are we feeling today?” she asks.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Fine. Well, I couldn’t sleep last night. I had to take a shot.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I saw on your chart. Why do you think you couldn’t sleep?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“My friends called. They were kind of . . . making fun of my whole situation.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“And why would they do that?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I don’t know.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Maybe they are not your friends.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Well, I told them . . . ‘Screw you,’basically. The main one, Aaron. I told him ‘Screw you.’”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Did that make you feel good?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I sigh. “Yeah. There was a girl too.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Who would that be?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Nia. One of the friends.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“And her?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m done with her, too.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“So you made a lot of big decisions on your first day here.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yes.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“This happens to many people: they come and make big decisions. Sometimes they are good decisions, sometimes bad.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Well, I hope good, obviously.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Me too. How do you <span class="italic">feel</span> about the decisions?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I picture Nia and Aaron dissolving, replaced by Johnny and Bobby.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It was the right thing to do.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Wonderful. Now, you’ve made some new friends here as well, isn’t that true?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Sure.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I noticed you talking with Humboldt Koper outside the smoking lounge last night.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Is that his real name?” I laugh. “Yeah, well, right, you were talking, too. We all were.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yes. Now, you might not want to become so friendly with your fellow patients on the floor.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Why not?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“That can distract people from the healing process.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“How?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“This is a hospital. It’s not a place to make friends. Friends are wonderful, but this place is about <span class="italic">you</span> and making you feel better.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“But …” I fidget. “I <span class="italic">respect</span> Humble. I <span class="italic">respect</span> Bobby. I have more respect for them after a day and a half than I do for most people … in the <span class="italic">world,</span> really.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Just be careful of forming close relationships, Craig. Focus on <span class="italic">yourself.”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Okay.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Only then does healing take place.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“All right.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Nurse Monica leans back with her moon face.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“As you know, we have certain activities on the floor.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Right.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“On your first day you are excused from activities, but after that you are expected to attend on a daily basis.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Okay.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“That means you start today. This is an opportunity for you to explore your interests. So I ask you: what are your hobbies?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Bad question, Monica.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I don’t have any.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Aha. None at all?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I work, Monica, and 1 think about work, and I freak out about work, and I think about how much I think about work, and I freak out about how much I think about how much I think about work, and I think about how freaked out I get about how much I think about how much I think about work. Does that count as a hobby?</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I see.” She takes some notes. “So we can put you in any activity group.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I guess.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“And you’ll go?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Can I play cards with Armelio in the groups?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Will participating in them get me out of here on Thursday?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I cannot say for sure. But not participating will be viewed as a step back in the healing process.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Okay. Sign me up.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Nurse Monica marks a sheet in her lap. “Your first activity will be arts and crafts this evening, before dinner, with Joanie in the activity lounge, which is through the doors behind the nurses’station.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I thought those doors didn’t open.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“We can open them, Craig.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“When does it start?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Seven.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Oh. I won’t be there exactly at seven.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Why’s that?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I have to meet with someone at seven.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“A visitor?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Sure,” I lie.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“A friend?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Well, yeah. So far. I hope so.”</span></p>
</div>  <div class="mbppagebreak" id="calibre_pb_39"></div></body></html>
