<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>It&amp;#8217;s Kind of a Funny Story</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
<link href="page_styles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>
  <body class="calibre">
<div class="calibre1">
<p id="filepos399155" class="calibre16"><span class="calibre17"><span class="bold"><a href=".html_split_003#filepos7149">twenty-four</a></span></span></p><div class="calibre18"> </div>
<p class="calibre10"><span class="calibre3">“So what’s it like?” Mom asks, holding a tote bag of toiletries, with Dad and Sarah next to her. We’re at the end of the right H leg, me in one chair facing the three of them. Visiting hours are from 12 to 8 on Saturday.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Sarah doesn’t let me answer.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It’s like <span class="italic">One Flew Over the Cuckoo’s Nest!”</span> she says, excited. She’s dressed up in jeans and a fake suede jacket for Six North. “I mean, all these people look like . .. serious crazies!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">“Shhh,”</span> I tell her. “Jimmy’s right there.” Jimmy is behind her at the window, sitting with his arms crossed as usual, out of his shirt and into a clean navy robe.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Who’s Jimmy?” Mom asks eagerly.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“The guy I came in with downstairs. I think he’s schizophrenic.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Doesn’t that mean he has two personalities?” Sarah asks, turning. “Like, he’s not just Jimmy; he’s also Molly or something.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No, you’d be surprised, that’s a <span class="italic">different</span> one,” I raise my eyebrows. “Jimmy’s just a little . . . scattered.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Jimmy sees me looking at him and smiles. “I tell you, you play those numbers, it’ll <span class="italic">come</span> to ya!” he chirps.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I think he’s talking about Lotto numbers,” I explain. “I’ve been trying to figure it out.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Oh my <span class="italic">gosh.”</span> My sister covers her face.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No, Sarah, don’t do that, watch,” Mom says. She turns around. “Thank you very much, Jimmy.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I tell you: it the truth!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I like this place,” Mom turns back. “I think it’s full of good people.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I <span class="italic">really</span> like it.” Dad leans in. “When can I join?” But when no one laughs, he leans back, clasps his hands, sighs.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Is that a <span class="italic">transvestite?”</span> Sarah asks. J/C is down the hall, like forty feet away, and I don’t know for the life of me how Sarah suspects something out there that I couldn’t see at point-blank range.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No, now listen—”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Is it?” Dad squints.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Guys!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Trans-<span class="italic">vestite</span>!” Jimmy shrieks. He does it at top range—I haven’t heard him that loud before. The entire hall, which admittedly is just me, my family, J/C, and the older professor-type woman with the glasses, stops and stares.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I tell you once, it’ll come: it come to <span class="italic">ya!”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">J/C starts walking toward us. “Are we talking about me?” he asks in his guy voice. He waves at Jimmy. “Hey, Jimmy.” He comes right up between me and my sister. “Craig, your name is, right?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah,” I mumble.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Wow, is this your family?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah.” I tip my palm at each of them—it’s at the level of the frills on his pants. “My dad"—he juts his lip out—"my mom"—she nods, all smiles—"and my sister, Sarah"—she reaches out a hand.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Oh my God, so lovely!” J/C says. “I’m Charles.” He shakes with everyone. “They’re going to take really good care of your son here. He’s a good guy.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“How about you; what are you in for?” Dad asks. I kick him. Doesn’t he know what not to ask?</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It’s okay, Craig!” J/C touches my shoulder. “My gosh, did you just kick your dad? I never even did that.” He addresses Dad: “I have bipolar, sir, and I had an episode, and they brought me here. I’m going back upstate today. But the doctors are very attentive here, and the turnaround time is great.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Wonderful,” Mom says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Of course"—J/C gestures to us—"it’s a lot better when you have family support. They want to make sure they discharge you into a safe environment. I don’t have that.” He shakes his head. “Craig, you’re very lucky.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I look at them: my safe environment. I frankly wouldn’t be surprised to find any of them in Six North.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Well, I’ll leave you guys to your afternoon,” J/C says. He walks away slowly.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Jimmy makes an indecipherable high-pitched whining noise.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“That’s applause, isn’t it?” Dad asks, throwing a thumb behind him. “I like that.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Those are awesome <span class="italic">pants,”</span> Sarah says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Okay, so let’s get down to business, Craig,” Mom is like. “What do you need?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I need a phone card. I need you guys to take my phone and leave it plugged in so the calls register. I need some clothes, like what you were bringing before, Mom. I don’t need towels; they have those. Magazines would be good. And a pencil and paper, that would rock.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Simple enough. What kind of magazines?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Science magazines! He loves those,” Dad says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“He might not be up for science magazines right now,” Mom answers. “Do you want anything lighter?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Do you want <span class="italic">Star?”</span> Sarah asks.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Sarah, why would I want <span class="italic">Star?”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Because it’s <span class="italic">awesome.”</span> She reaches into her purse—her first one, black, a recent Mom purchase—and unrolls a glossy pink monstrosity, complete with pictures of the most recent spectacular outing of a celebrity breast in public.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I hold it up for Jimmy.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">“Mmmmmm-hmmmmmm!</span> “ he says. “I tell you! I tell you! It <span class="italic">come to ya!”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“That’s very nice,” says the professor woman with bugged-out eyes, who I somehow didn’t realize had migrated right behind me. “Oh, excuse me,” she looks up. “I wasn’t listening to your conversation at all.” She walks to her room.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Um . . .” Sarah says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’ll take it,” I say. I put it under my seat. “I think the floor will enjoy it.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Is it just me, or are you starting to develop a sort of allegiance to the tribe?” Dad asks.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">“Shhh.”</span> I smile.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Craig, the next order of business: have you called Dr. Barney?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Have you called Dr. Minerva?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Well, they both need to know where you are, for health insurance reasons and because they’re your doctors and they care about you and this is going to be very important to them.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Their numbers are in my phone.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Well, let’s call them; we picked up your phone from the front,” Mom reaches into her bag—</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No!” Dad grabs her hands. “Don’t take out the phone!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Don’t be ridiculous, honey. Craig’s the one who’s not allowed to have it, not us.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Well, uh, I don’t think we want to be getting our son in trouble. This isn’t the kind of place you want to be getting sent to a <span class="italic">time-out.”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I look at him."That’s really not that funny.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What? Oh, sorry,” he says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No, Dad, seriously. It’s not … I mean, this is serious business.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m just trying to lighten the mood, Craig—”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Well, that’s what you’re always trying to do. Let’s just, not do it here.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Dad nods, looks me dead in the eyes; slowly and regretfully, he banishes all the smiling and joking from his face, and for once he’s just my dad, watching his son who has fallen so low. “All right, then.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">We stay quiet.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Is that the truth, Jimmy?” I ask without looking at him.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It’s the truth, and it <span class="italic">come to ya!”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I smile.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“We’ll handle the phone later,” Dad sums up.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Next order of business?” Mom asks.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“How long I’m going to be in here, I think.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“How long do you think?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“A couple of days. But I haven’t seen the doctor yet. Dr. Mahmoud.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Right, how is he? Is he good?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I don’t know, Mom. You met him for as long as I did. He makes rounds soon, and I’ll get to talk with him.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I think you need to stay here until you’re better, Craig. You don’t want to come out early and have to come back; that’s how you get ‘in the system.’”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Right. I won’t. I think that’s actually a big part of places like this: they make them so you <span class="italic">don’t want</span> to come back.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“How’s the food?” Sarah asks.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Oh, I almost forgot,” I look at my family. “I’m … I know I shouldn’t be proud about this; it’s like really sad that this is my big accomplishment of the day . . . but I ate everything at lunch.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You did?” Mom stands up, pulls me up and hugs me.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah.” I pull away. “It was chicken. I actually ate two helpings of it.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Son, that is a big one,” Dad gets up and shakes my hand.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No, it’s not, it’s really simple, everybody does it, but for me it’s like a stupid triumph—”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No,” Mom says, looking me in the eyes. “What’s a triumph is that you woke up this morning and decided to <span class="italic">live. That’s</span> a triumph. That’s what you did today.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I nod at her. Like I say, I’m not a crier.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah, cause if you had died …” Sarah is like, “that would have <span class="italic">sucked.”</span> She rolls her eyes and hugs my leg.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I sit back down. “Once the food is in front of you it’s just like, <span class="italic">eat.</span> I mean, they’re professionals here; they know how to take people and put them in a routine that gives them something to do.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“That’s right,” Mom says. “So what are you going to do now?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I think there are activities—”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Hey, Craig, is this your family?” President Armelio steps on the scene. His half-harelip and hair shock my sister, but his relentless enthusiasm for just—I don’t know—<span class="italic">living</span>—would knock the fear out of anybody. He shakes all the hands and says we’re a beautiful family and I’m a good guy, he can tell.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Craig’s my buddy! Hey, buddy—you want to play cards?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">President Armelio holds up a deck of playing cards like he just fished it out of the sea.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah, absolutely!” I say. I stand up. When was the last time I played cards? Before the test, probably—before high school.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“All right!” Armelio says. “My kinda guy! Let’s do it. I’ve been looking and looking: nobody here likes to play cards like I do! What do you want to play? Spades? I’ll <span class="italic">crush</span> you, buddy; I’ll <span class="italic">crush</span> you.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I look at my parents. “We’ll call you,” Mom says. “And hey—what about sleeping?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m wired right now,” I say. “But I’ll crash. I’m starting to get a headache.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Headache? Buddy, once I crush you in spades, you’re going to have a lot bigger headache!” Armelio toddles away to the dining room to set up the cards.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“See ya,” Sarah says, hugging me.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Bye, son.” Dad shakes my hand.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I love you,” Mom says. “I’ll call you with the doctors’phone numbers.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“And bring a phone card.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“And I’ll bring a phone card. You hang in there, Craig.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah, I will.” And as soon as they’re around the bend, I head into the dining room and learn how to play spades for the rest of the afternoon, which Armelio absolutely does crush me in.</span></p>
</div>  <div class="mbppagebreak" id="calibre_pb_32"></div></body></html>
