<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>It&amp;#8217;s Kind of a Funny Story</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
<link href="page_styles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>
  <body class="calibre">
<div class="calibre1">
<p id="filepos228284" class="calibre16"><span class="calibre17"><span class="bold"><a href=".html_split_003#filepos5345">fourteen</a></span></span></p><div class="calibre18"> </div>
<p class="calibre10"><span class="calibre3">My parents are outside hearing me retch up the dinner I just ate with them. I look at the door; I think I can hear Dad chewing the last bite he took when he got up from the table.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Craig, should we call someone?” Mom asks. “Is it an emergency?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No,” I say, getting up. “I’m going to be all right.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Um, hey, yeah, I told your mom not to make the squash,” Dad jokes.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Heh,” I say, climbing to the sink. I wash out my mouth with water and then mouthwash and then more water. My parents pepper me with questions.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Do you want us to call Dr. Barney?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Do you want us to call Dr. Minerva?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Do you want some tea?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Tea? Give the man some water. You want water?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I turn on the light—</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Oh. He had the light off. Are you okay, Craig? Did you slip?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I look at myself in the bathroom light. Yes, I’m okay. I’m okay because I have a plan and a solution: I’m going to kill myself.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I’m going to do it tonight. This is such a farce, this whole thing. I thought I was better and I’m not better. I tried to get stable and I can’t get stable. I tried to turn the corner and there aren’t any corners; I can’t eat; I can’t sleep; I’m just wasting resources.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">It’s going to be tough on my parents. So tough. And my little sister. Such a beautiful, smart girl. Not a dud like me, that’s for sure. It’ll be hard to leave her. Not to mention it might mess her up. Plus my parents will think they’re such failures. They’ll blame themselves. It’ll be the most important event in their lives, the thing that gets whispered by other parents at parties when their backs are turned:</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">Did you hear about their son?</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">Teen suicide.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">They’ll never get over it.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">I don’t know how anyone could.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">They must not’ve known the warning signs.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">But you know what, it’s time for me to stop putting other people’s emotions ahead of my own. It’s time for me to be true to myself, like the pop stars say. And my true self wants to blast off this rock.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I’ll do it tonight. Late tonight. In the morning, specifically. I’ll get up and bike to the Brooklyn Bridge and throw myself off it.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Before I go, though, I’ll sleep in Mom’s bed for one final night. She lets me sleep there when I’m feeling bad, even though I’m too old—Dad’ll sleep in the living room. There’s plenty of space by her, and it’s not like we <span class="italic">touch</span> or anything; she’s just available to bring me warm milk and cereal. Tonight is something I owe her; her only son spending time with her before he goes. I’d be heartless not to. I’ll hug my dad too, and my sister. But I’m not leaving any notes. What kind of crap is that?</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m okay,” I say, unlocking the bathroom door and stepping out. My parents corner me in a hug that mimics the one at Aaron’s blowout party, when we were confirming that our futures were bright.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“We love you, Craig,” Mom says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“This is true,” Dad says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Uh,” I say.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">With Dr. Minerva I talk about my Tentacles and Anchors. Here’s something for you, Doctor: my parents are now part of the Tentacles, and my friends too. My Tentacles have Tentacles, and I’m never going to cut them off. But my Anchor, that’s easy: it’s killing myself. That’s what gets me through the day. Knowing that I could do it. That I’m strong enough to do it and I can get it done.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Can I sleep in your bed tonight?” I ask Mom.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Sure, honey, of course.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Dad nods at me.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m ready for bed, then.” I go into my room and pull out clothes to sleep in, stash another pile to die in. I’ll get them when I leave in the morning. Mom announces that she’s making some warm milk and it’ll help me sleep. I go to my sister’s room. She’s up, sketching a kitchen at her desk.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I love ya, little girl,” I tell her.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Are you okay?” she responds.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You threw up.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You heard?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It was like <span class="italic">eccccccchhhh reeccccccch blacccchhh,</span> of course I heard.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I turned the water on!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I have good ears.” She points to her ears.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You do good throw-up impressions, too,” I say.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah.” She turns back to her sketch. “Maybe when I grow up I could be like a stand-up comedian, and just get onstage and make those noises.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No,” I say, “what you could do, or what I could do, since I’m so good at it, is get up onstage and <span class="italic">actually</span> throw up, and people would pay to watch, like I was a professional vomit-er.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Craig, that is so gross.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">But I don’t think it’s gross. I think it’s kind of a good idea. How does performance art get started, after all?</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">Don’t let that distract you, soldier.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">Right, I won’t.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">You’ve made your decision and you’re sticking to it, is that correct?</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">Yes, sir.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">The point of you being in this room is to say good-bye to your sister, is that not right?</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">Absolutely, sir.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">I’m sorry to see it come to this, soldier. I thought you had promise. But you gotta do what you gotta do, and sometimes you gotta commit hara-kiri, ya know?</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">Yes, sir.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I hug Sarah. “You’re very sweet and smart, and you have great ideas. Stick with them.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Of course.” She looks at me. “What’s wrong with you?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m okay.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You’re bad. Don’t try and fool me.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’ll be all right tomorrow.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Okay. You like my kitchen?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">She holds it up. It’s practically a blueprint, with the swinging quarter-circles for doors and the sink and refrigerator outlined in crisp, bird’s-eye detail. It looks like something someone would pay for.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It’s amazing, Sarah.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Thanks. What are you doing now?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m going to sleep early.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Feel better.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I leave her room. Mom already has the warm milk for me and my place all set up in her bed.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You feeling better?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Sure.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Are you <span class="italic">really,</span> Craig?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yes, jeez, sure.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Lean back on the pillows.” I get in her bed—the mattress is firm and real. I scrunch my feet under the covers and savor that feeling—fresh linen over your feet, bunching up in little mountain ranges. That’s a feeling everyone can enjoy. Mom hands me the milk.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It’s only nine o’clock, Craig; you’re not going to be able to go to sleep.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’ll read.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Good. Tomorrow we’ll schedule something with Dr. Barney to help you. Maybe you need new medicine.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Maybe.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I sit and drink the warm milk and think nothing. It’s a talent I’ve developed—one thing I’ve learned recently. How to think nothing. Here’s the trick: don’t have any interest in the world around you, don’t have any hope for the future, and be warm.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Damn, though. There’s someone else I should call. I pick the cell out of my pocket and flip it open to the name that’s all caps. I hit SEND.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Nia?” I ask when she picks up.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Hi, yeah, what’s up?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I wanted to talk to you.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What about?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I sigh.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">“Ohhhh.</span> Are you okay, man?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Where are you?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“At home. I’m in my mom’s bed, actually.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Whoa, we have bigger problems than we thought, Craig.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No! I’m just here because it helps me sleep. Don’t you remember when you were a little kid, sleeping in your parents bed was like, such a treat?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Well, my dad died when I was three.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Shoot. That’s right. Some of us have actual things to complain about.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Right, sorry, um, I—”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It’s okay. I slept with my mom sometimes.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“But you probably don’t anymore.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No, I do. Same situations as you, I bet.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Huh. What are you up to now?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Home on the computer.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Where’s Aaron?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Home on his computer. What do you want, Craig?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I take a breath. “Nia, you remember the party that we had when we all figured out we got into Executive Pre-Professional?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeahhhh . . .”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“When you came to that party, did you know you were going to hook up with Aaron?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Craig, we’re not talking about this.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Please, c’mon, I have to know if I had a shot.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“We’re not.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Please. Pretend I’m dying.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“God. You are <span class="italic">so</span> melodramatic.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Heh. Yeah.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I wore my green dress to that party, I remember that.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I remember too!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“And Aaron was very nice to me.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“He sat next to you in Scrabble.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“And I already knew he liked me. But I had been putting off getting involved with anyone until I knew about high school, because I didn’t want it to distract me. And you and Aaron, you were like, in the running. You both talked to me. But you had that mole on your chin.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">“What?”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Remember, the big hairy one? It was all pockmarked and gross.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“<span class="italic">I didn’t have any mole! “</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Craig, I’m joking.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Oh, right, duh.” We both laugh. Hers is full, mine empty.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You promise not to take this the wrong way, Craig?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Sure,” I lie.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“If you had made a move, I would probably have, you know, gone along. But you didn’t.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">Death.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“See, it works out, though. Now we’re friends, and we can talk about stuff like this.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Sure, we can talk.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">Death.</span>“Believe me, I get sick of talking with Aaron.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Why?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“He’s always talking about himself and his problems. Like you. You’re both self-centered. Only, you have a low opinion of yourself, so it’s tolerable. He has a really <span class="italic">high</span> opinion of himself. It’s a pain.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Thanks, Nia, you’re very sweet.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You know I try.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What if I tried now?” I ask. Nothing to lose.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“To what?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You know. What if I just came over and said screw it and stayed outside until you came out and grabbed you and kissed you?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Ha! You’d never do it.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What if I did?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’d smap you.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You’d <span class="italic">smap</span> me.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah. Remember that? That was so funny.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I switch phones from ear to ear.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Well, I just wanted to clear that up.” I smile. And that’s true. I don’t want to leave loose ends. I want to know where I stand. I don’t stand anywhere with Nia, really, not more than friends. I missed an opportunity with her, but that’s okay, I’ve missed many. I have a lot of regrets.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m worried about you, Craig,” she says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Don’t do anything stupid, okay?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I won’t,” I tell her, and that’s not a lie. What I’m doing makes a lot of sense.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Call me if you think you’re going to do anything stupid.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Bye, Nia,” I say. And I mouth into the phone, <span class="italic">I love you,</span> in case some of her cells pick up on the vibrations and it serves me well in the next life. If there is one. If there is a next life, I hope it’s in the past; I don’t think the future will be any more handleable.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Bye, Craig.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I click END. I think it’s a little harsh how the END button is red.</span></p>
</div>  <div class="mbppagebreak" id="calibre_pb_20"></div></body></html>
