<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>It&amp;#8217;s Kind of a Funny Story</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
<link href="page_styles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>
  <body class="calibre">
<div class="calibre1">
<p id="filepos67373" class="calibre16"><span class="calibre17"><span class="bold"><a href=".html_split_003#filepos3886">six</a></span></span></p><div class="calibre18"> </div>
<p class="calibre10"><span class="calibre3">Night is here except for a thin gray at the edge of the sky and the trees are thick with rain and the drizzle is pissing on me as I come up to my house. No sunsets in spring. I lean in and ring the buzzer, streaked bronze from years of use—the most used buzzer in the building.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Craig?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Hi, Mom.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">Bzzzzzzzzt.</span> It growls deeply, amplified by the lobby. (Lobby. Mailroom, more like, just a compartment for mailboxes.) I throw open one door and then the other. It’s warm in the house, and it smells like cooked starch. The dogs greet me.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Hi, Rudy. Hi, Jordan.” They’re little dogs. My sister named them; she’s nine. Rudy is a mutt; my father says he’s a cross between a chihuahua and a German shepherd, which must’ve been some wild dog sex. I hope the German shepherd was the guy. Otherwise the German shepherd girl probably wasn’t too satisfied. Rudy has a pronounced under-bite; he looks like two dogs where one is eating the other’s head from below, but when I take him for a walk, girls love him and talk to me. Then they realize that I’m young and/or messed up, and they move on.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Jordan, a Tibetan spaniel, looks like a small, brown lion. He’s small and cute but completely crazy. His breed was devised in Tibet for the purpose of guarding monasteries. When he came into our home, he immediately fixated on the house as a monastery, the bathroom as the most sacred monastic cell, and my mom as the Abbess. You can’t go near my mother without Jordan protecting her. When she’s in the bathroom in the morning, Jordan has to be in there with her, placed up on the counter by the sink as she brushes her teeth.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Jordan barks at me. Since I started losing it, he started barking at me. It’s not something any of us mention.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Craig, how was Dr. Minerva?” Mom comes out of the kitchen. She’s still tall and skinny, looking better each year. I know that’s weird to think, but what the hell—she’s just a woman who happens to be my mom. It’s amazing how she looks more stately and confident as she gets older. I’ve seen pictures of her in college and she didn’t look like much. Dad is looking like he made a better decision every year.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It . . . was okay.” I hug her. She’s taken such good care of me since I got bad; I owe her everything and I love her and I tell her these days, although every time I say it, it gets a little diluted. I think you run out of <span class="italic">I</span>
<span class="italic">love yous.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Are you still happy with her?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Because if you’re not we’ll get you someone else.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">You can’t afford to get anyone else, I think, looking at the crack in the wall next to my mom. This crack in our front hallway has been there for three or four years. Dad paints over it and it just recracks. We’ve tried putting a mirror over it but it’s a strange place to put a mirror—on one side of a hallway— and my sister started calling it the Vampire Mirror to tell if people who came into the house were vampires, and it came down after a few weeks, when I came home stoned and stumbled into it. Now there’s an exposed crack again. It’s never going to get fixed.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You don’t need to get anyone else.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“How’s your eating? Are you hungry?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Yes, I think. I am going to eat the food my mom made me. I’m still in control of my mind and I have medication and I am going to make this happen.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yes.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Good! To the kitchen!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I go in, and the place is all set for me. Dad and my sister, Sarah, are sitting at the circular table, knives and forks in hand, posing for me.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“How do we look?” Dad asks, banging his silverware on the table. “Do we look hungry?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">My parents are always looking into new ways to fix me. They’ve tried acupuncture, yoga, cognitive therapy, relaxation tapes, various kinds of forced exercise (until I found my bike), self-help books, Tae Bo, and feng shui in my room. They’ve spent a lot of money on me. I’m ashamed.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Eat! Eat! Eat!” Sarah says. “We were waiting for you.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Is this necessary?” I ask.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“We’re just making things more homey for you.” Mom brings a baking pan over to the table. It smells hot and juicy. Inside the pan are big orange things cut in half.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“We have squash"—she turns back to the stove—"rice, and chicken.” She brings over a pot of white rice with vegetable bits sprinkled over it and a plate of chicken patties. I go for them—a star-shaped one, a dinosaur-shaped one. Sarah grabs at the dinosaur-shaped one at the same time.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“The dinosaurs are mine!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Okay.” I let her. She kicks me under the table. “How’re you feeling?” she whispers.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Not good.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">She nods. Sarah knows what this means. It means she’ll see me on the couch tonight, tossing and turning and sweating as Mom brings me warm milk. It means she’ll see me watching TV, but not really watching, just staring and not laughing, as I don’t do my homework. It means she’ll see me sinking and failing. She reacts well to this. She does more schoolwork and has more fun. She doesn’t want to end up like me. At least I’m giving someone an example not to follow.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m sorry. They’re trying to do a big thing for you.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I can tell.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“So, Craig, how was school today?” Dad asks. He forks into the squash and looks at me through his glasses. He’s short and wears glasses, but like he says, at least he has hair—thick, dark stuff that he passed on to me. He tells me I’m blessed; the genes are good on both sides, and if I think I’m depressed now, imagine if I knew I was going to lose my hair like everyone else! Ha.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“All right,” I say.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What’d you do?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Sat in class and followed instructions.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">We clink at our food. I take my first bite—a carefully constructed forkful of chicken, rice, and squash—and mash it into my mouth. I <span class="italic">will eat this,</span> I chew it and feel that it tastes good and rear my tongue back and send it down. I hold it. All right. It’s in there.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What did you do in . . . let’s see . . . American History?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“That one wasn’t so good. The teacher called on me and I couldn’t talk.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Oh, Craig .. .” Mom is like.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I start constructing another bite.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What do you mean you couldn’t talk?” Dad asks.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I knew the answer, but… I just. . .”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You trailed off,” Mom says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I nod as I take in the next bite.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Craig, you can’t keep doing that.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Honey—” Mom tells him.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“When you know the answer to something, you have to speak up for yourself; how can that not be clear?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Dad takes in a heaping forkful of squash and chews it like a furnace.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Don’t jump on him,” Mom says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m not, I’m being friendly.” Dad smiles. “Craig, you are blessed with a good mind. You just have to have confidence in it and talk when people call on you. Like you used to do. Back when they had to tell you to stop talking.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It’s different now . . .” Third bite.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“We know. Your mother and I know and we’re doing everything we can to help you. Right?” He looks across the table at Mom.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yes.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Me too,” Sarah says. “I’m doing everything I can, too.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“That’s right.” Mom reaches across to ruffle her hair. “You’re doing great.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yesterday, I could’ve smoked pot, but didn’t,” I say, looking up, curled over my plate.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Craig!” Dad snaps.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Let’s not talk about this,” Mom says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“But you should know; it’s important. I’m doing experiments with my mind, to see how it got the way it is.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What are you <span class="italic">talking</span> about?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Not around your sister,” Mom says. “I want to tell you some news about Jordan.” Hearing his name, the dog walks into the kitchen, takes up his position by Mom. “I took him to the vet today.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“So you didn’t go to work?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Right.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“And that’s why you cooked.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Exactly.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I’m jealous of her. Can you be jealous of your mom for being able to handle things? I couldn’t take a day off, take a dog to the vet, and cook dinner. That’s like three times too much stuff for me to get done in one day. How am I ever going to have my own house?</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“So you want to know what happened at the vet?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It’s crazy,” Sarah says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“We took him in for the seizures he’s been having,” Mom says. “And you’ll never believe what the vet said.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“They took some blood tests last time, and the results came back—I was sitting in the little room with Jordan; he was being very good. The vet comes in and looks at the papers and says, ‘These numbers are not compatible with life.’“</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I laugh. There’s a bite on my fork in front of me. It shakes. “What do you mean?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“That’s what I asked him. And it turns out that a dog’s blood-sugar level is supposed to be between forty and one hundred. You know what Jordan’s is?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Nine.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">“Ruff!”</span> Jordan barks.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Then"—Mom is laughing now—"there’s some sort of other number, some enzyme ratio level, that’s supposed to be between ten and thirty, and Jordan’s is <span class="italic">one eighty!”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Good dog,” Dad says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“The vet didn’t know what to make of it. He told me to keep giving him the supplements and the vitamins, but that basically he’s a medical miracle.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I look over at Jordan, the Tibetan spaniel. Pushed-in shaggy face, black nose, big dark eyes like mine. Panting and drooling. Resting on his furry front legs.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“He shouldn’t be alive, but he is,” Mom says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I look at Jordan more. Why are you bothering? You’ve got an excuse. You’ve got bad blood. You must like living; I guess I would if I were you. Going from meal to meal and guarding Mom. It’s a life. It doesn’t involve tests or homework. You don’t have to buy things.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Craig?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">You shouldn’t be able to be alive and you are. You want to trade?</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I… I guess it’s cool.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It’s very cool,” Mom says. “It’s by God’s grace that this dog lives.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Oh, right, God. Forgot about him. He’s definitely, according to Mom, going to have a role in me getting better. But I find God to be an ineffectual shrink. He adopts the “do nothing” method of therapy. You tell him your problems and he, ah, does nothing.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m done,” Sarah says. She picks up her plate and trots out of the room, calling to Jordan. He follows.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I can’t eat any more either,” I say. I’ve managed five bites. My stomach is churning and closing fast. It’s all such inoffensive food; I shouldn’t have any problems with it. I should be able to eat three plates of it. I’m a growing boy; I shouldn’t have trouble sleeping; I should be playing sports! I should be making out with girls. I should be finding what I love about this world. I should be frickin’eating and sleeping and drinking and studying and watching TV and being <span class="italic">normal.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Try a little more, Craig,” Mom says. “No pressure, but you should eat.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">That’s right. I’m going to eat. I slice off the top of the squash, in streets and avenues, a big chunk, and put it on my fork and get it in my mouth. <span class="italic">I’m going to eat you.</span> I chew it, soft and yielding, easily molded into a shape that fits down my throat. It tastes sweet. <span class="italic">Now hold it.</span> It’s in my stomach. I’m sweating. The sweating gets worse around my parents. My stomach has it. My stomach is full of six bites of this meal. I can take six bites. I won’t lose it. I won’t lose this meal that my mom has made. If the dog can live, I can eat. I hold it. I make a fist. I tense my muscles.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Are you okay?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“One second,” I say.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I lose.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">My stomach hitches as I leave the table.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">What were you trying to do, soldier?</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">I was trying to eat, sir!</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">And what happened?</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">I got caught thinking about some crap, sir!</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">What kind of crap?</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">How I want to live less than my parents’dog.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">Are you still concentrated on the enemy, soldier?</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">I don’t think so.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">Do you even know who the enemy is?</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">I think… it’s me.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">That’s right.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">I have to concentrate on myself.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">Yes. But not right now, because now you’re going to the bathroom to throw up! It’s tough to fight when you’re throwing up!</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I stumble into the bathroom, turn off the light, close the door. The horrible thing is that I like this part, because when it’s over I know I’ll be warm; I’ll have the warmth in me of a body having just been through a trauma. I bear down on the toilet in the dark—I know just where to go—and my stomach hitches again and slams up at me, and I open up and groan. It comes out, and I hear my mother outside, sniffling, and my dad muttering, probably holding her. I grip the handle and flush a few times, alternating filling the toilet and flushing it. When I’m done I’ll go to sleep, and I won’t do any homework; I’m not up to it tonight.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">And I think as I’m down there:</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">The Shift is coming. The Shift has to be coming. Because if you keep on living like this you’ll die.</span></p>
</div>  <div class="mbppagebreak" id="calibre_pb_10"></div></body></html>
