<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>It&amp;#8217;s Kind of a Funny Story</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
<link href="page_styles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>
  <body class="calibre">
<div class="calibre1">
<p id="filepos653615" class="calibre16"><span class="calibre17"><span class="bold"><a href=".html_split_003#filepos10190">forty-one</a></span></span></p><div class="calibre18"> </div>
<p class="calibre10"><span class="calibre3">“I only have a couple of questions for you,” Noelle says, walking up fast at seven o’clock as I sit in the chair that I’ve come to call my conference chair, since I meet with so many people in it. I wonder what else has happened in this chair—people have probably peed on it, licked it, drummed their heads against it, and writhed around in it spouting gibberish. That gives me comfort. It feels like a chair with some history.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I didn’t think Noelle was going to show up, so I almost didn’t come—but then I decided I didn’t want any regrets. I’m done with those; regrets are an excuse for people who have failed. When I get out in the world, from now on, if I start to regret something, I’m going to remind myself that whatever I could have done, it won’t change the fact that I was in a psychiatric hospital. This, right here, is the biggest regret I could ever have. And it’s not so bad.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Noelle seems to be looking at me for comment. But I’m amazed at how she looks. New clothes: a pair of tight blue jeans cut down dangerously low and a sliver of white underwear sticking out above them. The underwear looks like it has pink stars on it—do girls’underwear really have pink stars?—and I almost stare, before my eyes are drawn by the soft curve of her stomach to her T-shirt, which is wrapped against her with some kind of mystical female force, reading I HATE BOYS.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">How come girls are coming to me dressed all hot all of a sudden?</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Above the shirt is her face, bordered by blond hair pulled back, and highlighted by her cuts.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Uh . . . Why’d you wear that T-shirt?” I ask. “Is that a message to me?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No. I hate <span class="italic">boys,</span> not you. And this is one reason why: they’re so arrogant. Why is that?” She stands with her hands on her hips.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Well …” I think. “Do you want like, a real, honest answer?” My brain is working better than it did before. It has bagels and soup and sugar and chicken in it. It’s firing almost like it used to.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No, Craig, I want a big, dumb, fake answer.” Noelle rolls her eyes. I think her breasts roll in synch with them. Girls’breasts are so amazing.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Wait, you didn’t ask a question!” I smirk. “One point for you.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“We’re not playing the game, Craig. We were going to, but I’m too mad.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Okay, well, darn …” I start. “What were we talking about?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Why guys are so arrogant.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Right. Well, you know, we’re born into the world seeing that we’re just a little bit . . . We tend to have things a little bit easier than girls. And we tend to assume therefore that the world was built for us, and that we’re, you know, the culmination of everything that came before us. And then we get told that having a little bit of this attitude is called <span class="italic">balls,</span> and that <span class="italic">balls</span> are good, and we kind of take it from there.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Wow, you are honest,” she says, sitting down. “An honest asshole.” <span class="italic">Yes! She sat down!</span> “Who the hell was that girl?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“A girl I know.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“She’s pretty.” (It’s amazing how girls can say this and make it the most withering insult.) “Is she your girlfriend?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No. I don’t have a girlfriend. Never had a girlfriend.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“So she was just a girl you were hooking up with in your room?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You saw, huh.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I saw everything: from out here to your roommate’s bed.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What, you were <span class="italic">following</span> me?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m not allowed?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Well, no—”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You don’t <span class="italic">like</span> it?” She leans in. “You don’t like some poor little girl"—she throws on a Little Bo-Peep voice, fluffs her hair—"following big, manly Craig around the ward?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It’s not a ward, it’s a psych hospital.” <span class="italic">But yes, yes I do like you following me around; yes, that’s awesome.</span> “I can’t believe I didn’t notice you. …” I think of the flashes of time with Nia, if I ever glanced down the hall or checked behind me.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You were in a state of excitement; that’s why.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Well. You want to know who she was?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No. I lost interest.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You did?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">“No!</span> Tell me!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Okay, okay, she was this girl I’ve known for a long time, and she came in here—”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Just overcome with lust for you?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah, sure, exactly; she came in overcome with lust and I took advantage of her.” I flick my hand. “No, what really happened is she came in here lonely and confused, I think, and thinking that she belonged in a place like this . . .”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“That was pretty funny when your roommate caught you. That kinda made the whole thing worthwhile.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m glad you think so.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You’re never going to be a good cheater. You’re going to be one of those guys who gets caught on the first try.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Is that good?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You <span class="italic">didn’t even</span> close the door. How’d you know the girl?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“She was my best friend’s girlfriend since we were like thirteen.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“How old are you now?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Fifteen.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Me too.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I look at her anew. There’s something about people who are the same age. It’s like you got piped out in the same shipment. You’ve got to stick together. Because deep down I believe my year was a special year: it produced me.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“So you macked your best friend’s girlfriend?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No, they broke up.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“When?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Uh, a few days ago.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“She moves <span class="italic">fast!”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I think,” I think out loud, “she’s just one of these girls who’s never really <span class="italic">not</span> had a boyfriend.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Sometimes we call those girls sluts. Do you think she had a boyfriend when she was eight?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Ew.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Maybe she was letting—”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">“Stop!</span> Stop! I don’t want to hear it.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It happens.” Noelle looks at me.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I nod, and pause, and let that sink it. It does happen.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Um . . . how are <span class="italic">y ou?”</span> I ask.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You think you’re really smart, don’t you?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I laugh. <span class="italic">“No.</span> That’s one of the reasons I came in here, actually. Thinking I was dumb.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Why would you think that? You’re in a smart school.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I wasn’t doing well there.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What were you getting?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Ninety-threes.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Oh.” Noelle nods.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah.” I fold my arms. “I think <span class="italic">you’re</span> really smart. <span class="italic">You</span> probably get good grades.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Not really.” She puts her chin in her palms like someone in a painting. “You’re not very good at giving compliments.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m <span class="italic">smart!</span> C’mon.” “You’re attractive, too!” I say. “Does that work?</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">You’re attractive! Did I say that already? I said it the other day, right?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Attractive? Craig, real estate is attractive. Houses.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Sorry, you’re beautiful. What about that?” I can’t believe I’m saying it. We’ll both be out of here in two days; that’s why I’m saying it. No regrets.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Beautiful’s all <span class="italic">right.</span> There are better ones.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Okay, okay, cool.” I crack my neck—</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">“Ewwww. “</span>“What?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Don’t do that. Especially when you’re about to compliment me.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Fine, okay. What are better words than beautiful?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">She puts on a Southern accent: “’Go-geous.’”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Okay, okay, you’re gorgeous.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“That sounds terrible. Do it my way: go-geous.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I do it.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You can’t even do a Southern accent? Oh my gosh, are you even from America?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Gimme a break! I’m from <span class="italic">here!”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Brooklyn?</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“This neighborhood?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I have friends here.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“We should meet up sometime.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You’re so terrible. Try some more compliments.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Okay.” I dig down deep. I got nothing. “Um . . .”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You don’t know any more?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m not good at words.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“See, this is why the math nerds don’t get girls.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Who said I was a math nerd? I told you my grades suck.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You might be one of those nerds who’s not <span class="italic">smart.</span> Those are the worst kind.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Listen,” I stop her. “I’m really glad you’re here talking with me, and I’ve met a lot of people in here.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Uh-oh,” she says. “Is this the part where it gets all serious?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yes,” I say. And when I say it, the way that I say it, I see that she understands that I’m serious about being serious. I can be serious now. I’ve been through some serious shit and I can be serious like somebody older.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I like you a lot,” I start. No regrets. “Because you’re funny and smart and because you seem to like me. I know that’s not a good reason, but I can’t help it; if a girl likes me I tend to like her back.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">She doesn’t say anything. I dip my head at her. “Um, do you want to say anything?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No. No! This is fine. Keep going.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Well, okay, I’ve been thinking about how to put this. I like you for all this stuff but I also kind of like you for the cuts on your face—”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Oh no, are you a fetishist?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Are you like a blood fetishist? There was one of them in here before. He wanted to make me like his Queen of the Night or something.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No! It’s nothing like that. It’s like this: when people have problems, you know … I come in here and I see that people from all over have problems. I mean, the people that I’ve made friends with are pretty much a bunch of lowlifes, old drug addicts, people who can’t hold jobs; but then every few days, someone new comes in who looks like he just got out of a business meeting.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Noelle nods. She’s seen them too: the scruffy youngish guy who came in today with a pile of books as if it were a reading retreat. The guy who came in yesterday in a suit and told me in the most practical way that he heard voices and they were a real pain in the ass; they didn’t say anything scary but they were always saying the stupidest stuff while he was in trial.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“And not only in here: all over. My friends are all calling me up now: this one’s depressed, that one’s depressed. I look at what the doctors hand out, and there are studies that show like, one fifth of Americans suffer from a mental illness, and suicide is the number-two killer among teenagers and all this crap … I mean <span class="italic">everybody’s</span> messed up.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What’s your point?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“We <span class="italic">wear</span> our problems differently. Like I didn’t talk and stopped eating and threw up all the time—”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You threw up?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah. Bad. And I stopped sleeping. And when I started doing that, my parents noticed and my friends noticed, sort of—they kinda made fun of me—but I could go through the world without really letting on what was wrong. Until I came here. Now it’s like: something is wrong. Or was wrong, because it feels like it’s getting better.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What does this have to do with me?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You’re out there about your problems,” I say. “You put them on your face.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">She stops, puts her hand in her hair.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I cut my face because too many—too many people <span class="italic">wanted</span> something from me,” she tries to explain. “There was so much pressure, it was—”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Something to live up to?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Exactly.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“People told you you were hot and then all of a sudden they treated you different?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Right.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“How?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">She sighs. “You have to be the prude or the slut, and if you pick one, other people hate you for it, and you can’t <span class="italic">trust</span> anyone anymore, because they’re all after the same thing, and you see that you can never go back to how it was before …”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">She pulls her face into one of those faces that could be laughing or crying—they use so many of the same muscles—and leans forward.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“And I didn’t want to be part of it,” she says. “I didn’t want to be part of that world.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I grab her leaning into me, feel for the first time the soft dimple of her body. “Me neither.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">She puts her arms around me and we hold each other like that from our two chairs, like a house constructed over them, and I don’t move my hands at all and neither does she.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I didn’t want to play the smart game,” I tell her. “And you didn’t want to play the pretty game.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“The pretty game’s worse,” she whispers. “Nobody wants to <span class="italic">use</span> you for being smart.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“People wanted to use you?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Someone did. Someone who shouldn’t.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I stop.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m sorry.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It wasn’t you.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Should I not touch you?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No, no, you didn’t do anything. It’s okay. But… yeah. It happened. And I lied before.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“About what?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It doesn’t matter what kind of surgery I have. I did it with half a scissor, Craig. It’s going to leave scars. I’ll have scars for the rest of my life. I didn’t know what I was doing. I just wanted to get off the world a little after this… this <span class="italic">thing</span>… and now I’m never going to be able to have a job or anything. What are they going to say when I go into a job interview looking like . . .” She sniffles, chuckles, and snot comes out. “. . . like a Klingon?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“There are places in California where they speak Klingon. You can get a job there.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Stop it.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">We’re still holding each other. I don’t want to look up. I keep my eyes closed. “There are antidiscrimination laws too. They can’t not hire you if you’re qualified.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“But I look like a <span class="italic">freak</span> now.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I told you, Noelle,” I say into her ear. <span class="italic">“Everybody</span> has problems. Some people just hide their crap better than others. But people aren’t going to look at you and run away. They’re going to look at you and think that they can talk to you, and that you’ll understand, and that you’re brave, and that you’re strong. And you are. You’re brave and strong.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You’re getting better at the compliments.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Nah. I’m nothing. I can barely hold food down.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah, you’re skinny.” She laughs. “We need to fatten you up.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I know.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m glad I met you.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You’re bare and honest, Noelle; that’s what you are.” Words come into my head like they’ve always been there. “And in Africa your scarring would be highly prized.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">She sniffles again. “I didn’t like seeing you with that other girl.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I know.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You like me more, right?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Right.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Why?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I pull away from her—maybe the first time in my life I’ve ended a hug—because a level of eye contact is required.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I owe you a lot more than I do her. You really opened my eyes to something.” My actual eyes have been closed for so long on Noelle’s shoulder that the hall is blinding. But when they readjust I see the Professor, watching us from her door, holding the doorknob with one hand and her shoulder with the other.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I wanted to show you this.” I reach under my chair to pick up something for our meeting—I had it down there as a trump card. I didn’t think the date would go like this; I thought it would all be Noelle yelling at me and I’d have to do something drastic. But now I can do something drastic and it’ll be like a cherry on top.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I pull out my couple’s brain map and show it to her.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It’s beautiful!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It’s a guy and a girl, see? I didn’t do any hair, but you can see how one has a feminine profile and the other is masculine.” They’re lying down, not on top of each other, just side by side, floating in space. They have sketched-out legs and arms at their sides, but that’s the whole point of my brain maps—you don’t need to spend a lot of time on the legs or the arms. What they really have are <span class="italic">brains</span>—full and complete with whirling bridges and intersections and plazas and parks. They’re the most elaborate ones I’ve done yet: divided thoroughfares, alleys, <span class="italic">cul de</span> sacs, tunnels, toll plazas, and traffic circles. The paper is 14” x 17” and I had room to make the maps <span class="italic">huge;</span> the bodies are small and unimportant; the key thing that your eye is drawn to (because I understand now, somehow, that that’s how art works) is a soaring bridge between the two heads, longer than the Verrazano, even, with coils of ramps like ribbons mashed up at each end.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It might be my best yet,” I say.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">She looks it over; I see the red in her eyes, fading. There aren’t any tear streaks—I still haven’t seen actual tear streaks on anyone. Her tears went right into my shirt; they cool and chafe now on my shoulder.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You were the one who suggested I do stuff from childhood,” I continue. “I used to do these when I was a kid, and I forgot how fun they were.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I bet you never did them like this.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No, well, this is easier, because I don’t have to finish the maps.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It’s beautiful.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Thanks for getting me started. I owe you big.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Thank you. Do I get to keep it?” She looks up.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Not yet. I have to fix it up.” I stand, stretch my back, and shrug down at her.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">Do it, soldier.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">Yes, sir!</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“But, um, I kind of wondered if I could have your phone number, so I can call you when we’re out of here.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">She smiles and her cuts outline her face like a cat’s whiskers. “Crafty.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I am a guy,” I say.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“And I hate boys,” she says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“But a guy’s different,” I say.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Maybe a little,” she says.</span></p>
</div>  <div class="mbppagebreak" id="calibre_pb_52"></div></body></html>
