<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>It&amp;#8217;s Kind of a Funny Story</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
<link href="page_styles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>
  <body class="calibre">
<div class="calibre1">
<p id="filepos373182" class="calibre16"><span class="calibre17"><span class="bold"><a href=".html_split_003#filepos6833">twenty-two</a></span></span></p><div class="calibre18"> </div>
<p class="calibre10"><span class="calibre3">What are the chances, in picking a meal for me, that Argenon Hospital gets the one thing I can handle right now? Between fish nuggets and veal marsala and a Technicolor quiche and other items of disgust I see handed out on trays to other people (Armelio, the President, hands out all the trays, announcing people’s names as he does so: “Gilner, Gilner, that’s my new friend!"), I get curry-flavored chicken breast: it doesn’t have real liquid curry, just a lovely infusion of yellow spices and a plastic knife and fork to cut it up. It also has broccoli, the vegetable I like best, and herbed carrots on the side. When I open the plastic lid, I grin, because I know something has shifted in my stomach—not the big Shift, but something concrete—and I am going to eat this. Besides the chicken and vegetables, the tray has coffee, hot water, a teabag, milk, sugar, salt, pepper, juice, yogurt, and a cookie. It’s as good-looking a meal as I can remember. I start to slice the chicken.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Does anyone have extra salt?” Humble, across my table, stretches his neck to the room.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Here.” I split him off my salt packet. “I would’ve hooked you up.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“See, you didn’t speak to me,” Humble says, pouring the salt on his chicken, looking at me through eyes surrounded by thin and purple-hued skin, as if he got punched in both a week ago. “So naturally I assumed you were one of those yuppies.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m not.” I put chicken in my mouth. It tastes good.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“There’s a lot of yuppies in this place, and you have that look about you, you know—the yuppie look of people with money?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“People who don’t <span class="italic">care</span> about other people. Unlike me. See, I genuinely care about other people. Does that mean that I sometimes won’t be inclined to beat the hell out of somebody? No, but that’s my environment. I’m like an animal.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“We’re all like animals,” I say. “Especially now, when we’re all in a room eating. It reminds me of high school.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You’re smart, I see that. We’re all animals, high school is animals, but some of us are more animal than others. Like in <span class="italic">Animal</span> Farm, which I read, all animals are created equal, but some are more equal than others? Here in the real world, all equals are created animal, but some are more animal than others. Hold on, let me write that down.” Humble reaches behind him to the one window in the dining room, which has board games stacked up under it. He pulls Scrabble off the top of the stack, fishes out a pen from the box, removes the board, flips it over, and writes on the back of it, which is already covered with scribbling—</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Humble!” Smitty says from the door.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Hey, hey, okay!” He throws his hands up. “I didn’t do it!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“How many times do we have to tell you, no writing on the Scrabble board! Do you need pencil and paper?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">“Whatever,</span> “ he says. “It’s all in here.” He points to his head, then turns back to me as if absolutely nothing had interrupted our conversation. “Me and you, we might be equals, but I’m more animal.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Uh-huh.” I clearly picked the right place to sit.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I need to be the alpha male in any given situation. That’s why as soon as I noticed you I made a few judgments. I saw that you were very young. Now in the wild, the lion who sees new youngsters from another pride, another breed, he’ll kill and eat those youngsters so he can breed his own offspring. But here"—he gestures around, as if you need to elucidate what “here” is, as if you don’t just take it for granted once you’re inside—"there unfortunately appears to be a distinct lack of women accepting of my breeding potential. So in your youth you are not a threat to me.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I see.” Across the room, Jimmy is trying to open his juice with one hand. The other hand stays at his side; I can’t tell if he can’t move it or just doesn’t want to. Smitty comes over and helps him.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It’ll come <span class="italic">to ya!”</span> he says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Do you feel that I’m a threat to you?” Humble asks.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No, you seem like a pretty cool guy.” I munch.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Humble nods. His food, which was sitting on the plate in front of him, very innocent and oblivious, gets destroyed over the next twenty seconds as he eats half of it. I continue my slow and steady pace.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“When I was your age—you’re fifteen, right?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I nod. “How’d you know?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m good with ages. When I was fifteen, I had this chick who was twenty-eight. I don’t know why, but she <span class="italic">loved</span> me. Now, I was doing a lot of pot back then, my whole life was pot. . .”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">It’s weird how your stomach can come back around. As I tune Humble out, I eat not because I want to, not because I have to overcome anything, not to prove myself to anyone, but <span class="italic">because it’s there.</span> I eat because <span class="italic">that’s what people do.</span> And somehow when the food is put in front of you by an institution, when there’s a large gray force behind it and you don’t have to thank anyone for it, you have the animal instinct to make it disappear, before a rival like Humble comes along and snatches it away. I think, I think as I chew, my problem might be too much thinking.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">That’s why you need to join the Army, soldier.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">I thought I was already in the Army, sir!</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">You’re in the mental army, Gilner, not the U.S. Army.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">So I should join?</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">I don’t know: can you handle it?</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">I don’t know.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">Well, you seem to know that you like order and dis cipline. That’s what the Army offers young men like you, Gilner, and that’s what you’re getting here.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">But I don’t want to be in the</span> Army; I <span class="italic">want to be normal.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">You’ve got some considerin’to do, then, soldier, because normal ain’t no job as far as I’m concerned.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Do you have a girlfriend?” Humble asks.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Do you? Somewhere out there. You got a hot little fifteen-year-old?” He points his food-colored fork at me.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No!” I smile, thinking of Nia.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“They got cute ones, though.” Humble runs his hand through hair that is no longer there. He has hairy dark arms with tattoos of jokers, swords, bulldogs, and pirate ships. “They just keep making the girls cuter and cuter.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It’s all the hormones,” I say.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“That’s right. You’re very smart. You got any sugar?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I hand over a sugar packet. I’ve finished my chicken and I could eat more, frankly, but I don’t know who to ask. Might as well make the tea. I open the teabag, which is labeled “Swee-Touch-Nee,” a brand I have never heard of and am not convinced actually exists, and stain my water with a bunch of deep dips. As I’m finishing up, Smitty approaches with a second tray of food, identical to the first.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You look like you could handle some seconds,” he says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Thanks.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Eat up.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I tackle the second chicken. I am a working machine. Part of me works that didn’t before.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“The girls, they drink all this milk with cow hormones,” I say between bites, “and they develop a lot younger.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You’re telling me!” Humble says. “The crazy thing is how the girls in my day were a lot better than my father’s girls. I wonder what the next generation will be like.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Sex robots.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Heh heh. Where you from?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Around here.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“This neighborhood? Nice. Must’ve been a quick ride. <span class="italic">If</span> you came by ambulance. And I’m not assuming and I’m not judging. I’m just being curious.” He eats two gigantic bites of his food, chews and continues, “How did you get here?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">He’s broken the rule of Six North. But maybe it’s not a rule. Or maybe eating with someone breaks it.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I checked myself in.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You did? <span class="italic">Why?”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I was feeling pretty bad; I wanted to kill myself.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Buddy, that’s what I told my doctor the other week. I told him, ‘Doc, I’m not afraid of dying; I’m only afraid of living, and I want to put this bayonet through my stomach,’and then I stopped taking my blood-pressure medication. Because I have high blood pressure on top of everything else, on top of the drugs they have me on here that keep me <span class="italic">whacked out of my mind;</span> if I don’t eat lots of salt to regulate my blood pressure I’ll die, so when I told him I wasn’t taking my medication he said ‘What, are you crazy? Are you trying to <span class="italic">kill yourself?!</span> And I looked him right in the eyes and said ‘Yes.’And they carted me off here.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Huh.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“The problem is I’ve been living in my car for the last year. I have nothing; I have the clothes on my back and that’s it. The only thing I have is the car and now the car has been towed and all my stuff is inside. There’s thirty-five hundred dollars’worth of film equipment in there.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Wow.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“So over the next few days I have to call the police station, the tow yard, get myself into an adult home, and talk to my daughter. She’s about your age. The mother I’m completely over but the daughter I love to death. The mother I’d like to love to death.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Heh.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Don’t do me any favors; only laugh if it’s funny.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It is!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Good. Because right now I don’t have you pegged as a yuppie. You’re something else. I’m not sure what you are, but I’m going to find out.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Cool.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m gonna go get my medication so I can sit through this afternoon with my head completely <span class="italic">whacked.”</span> Humble slides away; I finish eating the chicken. When it’s done—clean plate—I feel better than I have about anything I’ve done in a long time, maybe a year. <span class="italic">This</span> is all I need to do. Keith was hes itant at the Anxiety Management Center, but he was right—all you need is food, water, and shelter. And here I have all three. What next?</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I look across the dining room, and three of the younger people—the big girl, the girl with dark hair and blue streak, and the blond girl with cuts—are all sitting together.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“C’mere.” Blue Streak beckons.</span></p>
</div>  <div class="mbppagebreak" id="calibre_pb_30"></div></body></html>
