<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>It&amp;#8217;s Kind of a Funny Story</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
<link href="page_styles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>
  <body class="calibre">
<div class="calibre1">
<p id="filepos251440" class="calibre16"><span class="calibre17"><span class="bold"><a href=".html_split_003#filepos5500">fifteen</a></span></span></p><div class="calibre18"> </div>
<p class="calibre10"><span class="calibre3">I’m pretty stupid for thinking I could get any sleep tonight. Once I turn off the lights and put the cup aside, I get the Not-Sleeping Feeling—it’s kind of like feeling the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse rear up in your brain and put some ropes around it and pull it toward the front of your skull. They say, <span class="italic">No way, dude! Who did you think you were fooling! You think you were going to wake up at three in the morning and throw yourself off the Brooklyn Bridge without staying up all night? Give us a little credit!</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">My mind starts the Cycling. I know it’s going to be the worst that it’s ever been. Over and over again, a cycling of tasks, of failures, of problems. I’m young, but I’m already screwing up my life. I’m smart but not enough—just smart enough to have problems. Not smart enough to get good grades. Not smart enough to have a girlfriend. Girls think I’m weird. I don’t like to spend money. Every time I spend it, I feel as if I’m being raped. I don’t like to smoke pot, but then I do smoke it and I get depressed. I haven’t done enough with my life. I don’t play sports. I quit Tae Bo. I’m not involved in any social causes. My one friend is a screwup—a genius blessed with the most beautiful girl in the world, and he doesn’t even know it. There’s so much more for me to be doing. I should be a success and I’m not and other people—younger people— are. Younger people than me are on TV and getting paid and winning scholarships and getting their lives in order. I’m still a nobody. When am I going to not be a nobody?</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">The thoughts trail one another in my brain, running from the back up to the front and dripping down again under my chin: I’m no one; I’ll never make it in my life; I’m about to get revealed as a fake, I’ve already been revealed as a fake but I don’t know it yet; I know I’m a fake and pretend not to. All the good thoughts—the normal ones, the ones that have occasionally surfaced since last fall— scramble out the front of my brain in terror of what lives in my neck and spine. This is the worst it’ll ever be.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">My homework swims in front of my closed eyes— the Intro to Wall Street stock-picking game, the Inca history paper, the ding-dong math test—they appear as if on a gravestone. They’ll all be over soon.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Mom climbs into bed next to me. That means it’s still early. Not even eleven. It’s going to be such a long night. Jordan, the dog who should be dead, climbs into bed with her and I put my hand on him, try to feel his warmth and take comfort from it. He barks at me.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I turn on my stomach. My sweat drenches my pillow. I turn over on my back. It drenches it in the other direction. I turn on my side like a baby. Do babies sweat? How about in the womb, do you sweat in there? This night will never end. Mom stirs.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Craig, are you still up?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yes.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It’s twelve-thirty. Do you want cereal? Some times a bowl of cereal will just knock you out.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Sure.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Cheerios?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I think I can handle Cheerios. Mom gets up and gets them for me. The bowl is heaping and I tackle it with the ferocity that I think a last meal deserves—shoving it all in me as if it owes me loot. I’m not going to throw this up.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Mom starts breathing regularly next to me. I start to think practically about how I’m going to handle this. I’m taking my bike, I know that. That’s one thing I’ll miss: riding around Brooklyn on the weekends like a maniac, dodging cars and trucks and vans with pipes sticking out of them, meeting Ronny and then locking the bikes up by the subway station to go to Aaron’s house. Riding a bike is pure and simple—Ronny says he thinks it’s mankind’s greatest invention, and although I thought that was stupid at first, these days I’m not so sure. Mom won’t let me take the bike to school so I’ve never ridden over a bridge—this’ll be the first time. I don’t think I’ll wear my helmet.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I’ll take the bike, and it’ll be a warm spring night. I’ll speed up Flatbush Avenue—the artery of fat Brooklyn—right to the Brooklyn entrance of the bridge, with the potholes and cops stationed all night. They won’t look at me twice—what, it’s illegal, a kid biking over a bridge? I’ll go up the ramp and get right to the middle, where I was before, and then I’ll walk out over the roadway and take one last look at the Verrazano Bridge.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">What am I going to do about my bike, though? If I lock it up, it’ll just stay there at the side of the bridge, as evidence, and they’ll clip the lock or saw through the chain after a while. It’s an expensive chain! But if I <span class="italic">don’t</span> lock it up, someone’ll take it quickly—it’s a good bike, a Raleigh—and there won’t be any evidence that I was ever even there.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I can’t lose the bike, I decide. I’ll take the key with me when I go down, and Mom and Dad will know, then, where I’ve gone. The cops will find the bike and tell them. It’ll be harsh, but at least they’ll know. It’ll be better than not leaving anything.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">What time is it? Time has stopped for me. Since I can’t sleep and I’m still sweating, I decide I can try something to knock myself out: push-ups. I don’t want to go to sleep, I just want to exhaust myself and rest a little bit so I can make the trip at the appropriate time, in an hour or so. I prop myself up in bed in proper push-up position, which is also proper sex position, I realize, and I haven’t even had sex—I’m going to die a virgin. Does that mean I go to heaven? No, according to the Bible, suicide is a sin and I go straight to hell, what a gyp.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I learned push-ups in Tae Bo. I’m good at them. I can do them on my fingers and my fists, as well as my palms. Here, next to my mom, in a scene that would look <span class="italic">very</span> weird if you filmed it from the side, I start to do them up and down—one, two, three … I move very, very slowly so as not to wake Mom up—she’s a heavy sleeper and doesn’t notice my exercises; her head is turned in the opposite direction. When I get to ten push-ups I start counting down: Five, four, three . . . until I finish at fifteen. I collapse in bed.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I’m so weak from holding down nothing but Cheerios in the last twenty-four hours, I’m beat. I’m cracked from fifteen push-ups. But I feel something in the bed. I feel my heart beating. It’s beating against the mattress, amplified, resounding not only in the bed but in my body. I feel it in my feet, my legs, my stomach, my arms. Beating everywhere.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I get on my palms again. One, two, three . . . My arms burn. My neck crinks; a bed isn’t the best place to do push-ups; you tend to sink in. This set is tougher than the last. But when I get to fifteen I keep going, to twenty. I strain and hold back a grunt on the final one and discharge myself to the mattress.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">Badoom. Badoom. Badoom.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">My heart is ramming now. It’s beating everywhere. It hits all the spots in my body, and I feel the blood pressuring through me, my wrists, my fingers, my neck. It wants to do this, to <span class="italic">badoom</span> away all the time. It’s such a silly little thing, the heart.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">Badoom.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">It feels good, the way it cleans me.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">Badoom.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Screw it. I want my heart.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I want my heart but my brain is acting up.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I want to live but I want to die. What do I do?</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I get out of bed, glance at the clock. It’s 5:07. I don’t know how I got through the night. My heart radiates <span class="italic">badoom,</span> so I stand and shuffle into the living room and pick a book off my parents’shelf.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">It’s called <span class="italic">How to Survive the Loss of a Love;</span> it has a pink and green cover. It’s sold like two million copies; it’s one of these psychology books that people everywhere buy to get through break-ups. My mom bought it when her dad died and raved about how good it was. She showed the cover to me.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I looked at it just to see what it was about, and the first chapter said, “If you feel like harming yourself right now, turn to page 20.” And I thought that was pretty silly, like a Choose Your Own Adventure book, so I turned to page 20, and right there it said to call your local suicide hotline, because suicidal thoughts were a medical situation and you needed medical help right away.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Now, in the dark, I open <span class="italic">How to Survive the Loss of a Love</span> to page 20.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Every municipality has a suicide hotline, and they’re listed right in the government services section of the yellow pages,” it says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Okay. I go into the kitchen and open up the yellow pages.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">It’s a pain in the ass to find those government listings. I thought they were marked with green pages, but the green pages turn out to be a restaurant guide. The government listings are in blue at the front, but it’s all phone numbers for where to get your car if it’s towed, what to do if your block has a rat problem . . . Ah, here, <span class="italic">health.</span> Posion control, emergency, <span class="italic">mental health.</span> There are a bunch of numbers. The first one says “suicide” near it. It’s a local number, and I call.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I stand in the living room with my hand in my pants as the phone rings.</span></p>
</div>  <div class="mbppagebreak" id="calibre_pb_21"></div></body></html>
