<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>It&amp;#8217;s Kind of a Funny Story</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
<link href="page_styles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>
  <body class="calibre">
<div class="calibre1">
<p id="filepos306743" class="calibre16"><span class="calibre17"><span class="bold"><a href=".html_split_003#filepos6083">eighteen</a></span></span></p><div class="calibre18"> </div>
<p class="calibre10"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">Hi, Mom, I’m in the hospital?</span> No.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">Hey, mom, are you sitting down?</span> Eh.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">Mom, you’re not going to believe where I’m calling you from! Nah.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Hey, Mom,” I say when I hear her groaned hello. “How are you?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Craig! <span class="italic">Where are you?!</span> I just—you just woke me up and you aren’t in bed! Are you okay?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m okay.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Are you at Aaron’s?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Uh …” I suck air through my teeth. “No, Mom. I’m not at Aaron’s.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Where are you?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I, uh … I really freaked out last night, and I was feeling really bad, and I, um, I checked myself into Argenon Hospital.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Oh, my goodness.” She stops, hitches her breath. I hear her sit down, exhale. “You … are you okay?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Well, I mean—I wanted to kill myself.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Oh, Craig.” There’s no crying, but I hear her put her face in her hands.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m sorry.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No. No! <span class="italic">I’m</span> sorry. I was sleeping! I didn’t know!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Please, Mom, how could you know?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I knew you were bad, but I didn’t realize. What did you do? How did you get there?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Don’t worry. I didn’t do anything. I used your book.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What, the Bible?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No, your <span class="italic">How to Deal with the Loss of a Love</span> book.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Survive. <span class="italic">How to Survive the Loss of a Love.</span> Wonderful book.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It recommended calling the suicide hotline number in there, and I did.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Is that this sheet of paper by the phone?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah, you can throw that away. They said, you know … if I was feeling like I was in an emergency, I should come to the emergency room, and I put on my shoes and came here.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Oh, Craig, so you didn’t do anything to yourself?” She pauses.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No, I checked myself in.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I hear her breath catch and I think, in my house a few blocks away, her hand is on her chest. “I am so proud of you.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You are?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“This is the bravest thing you’ve ever done.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I. . . thank you.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“This is the most life-affirming thing you’ve ever done. You made the right decision. I love you. You’re my only son and I love you. Please remember.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I love you too, Mom.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I thought I was a bad mother, but I’m a good mother if I taught you how to handle yourself. You had the tools to know what to do. That is so important. And they’re going to be <span class="italic">great</span> over there; it’s an excellent hospital. I’m coming right down—you want me to bring your dad?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I don’t know. It might be good to just have as few people as possible, if possible.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Where are you now?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“In the emergency room. They want you to sign some forms.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Where are they taking you?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“To talk with this doctor, Dr. Mahmoud.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“And how are you feeling?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I don’t know. Like the whole thing is unreal. I didn’t really get any sleep last night.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Oh, <span class="italic">Craig</span>—if I had known… I didn’t know …”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I smile. “I love you, Mom. I have to go.” Chris is looking at me.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I love you. I’m so proud of you.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I hang up. My mom seems happier about me getting into the hospital than she was about me getting into high school.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I turn to Chris and notice that the room next to him, Room 21, is now occupied. A black guy is in there, sitting up on a stretcher. He’s bald, but not shaved-head bald—old bald with thin white hairs in a halo around him. His face is unshaven; his arms lie on his legs at cross-purposes. He’s skinny, in sweatpants and a white T-shirt covered, from the neck down, with an unidentifiable dark stain. He turns his head toward the wall and I see a scar running from his ear down to his neck. Then he turns back to me. The only thing you can say for him is that he has all his teeth, and they’re white, and he’s smiling.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I slink back into Room 22 and return to watching the guy with the dreads. He’s not writhing anymore; apparently the nurse gave him what he needed, because he’s sitting up, eyes closed, pants rolled up to his knee, scratching everything—his lower leg, chest, face—mumbling and swaying. His scratches are light and don’t seem intended to actually relieve any sort of itch. He rocks back and forth at a slow rhythm that fits in with the beeps, and opens his eyes about a quarter of the way every minute.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Maybe that should be me. If I were on drugs that good, maybe I wouldn’t have time to get depressed. It’s heroin, right? That’s what I need: some heroin.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">But I reconsider. First of all, it’d be pretty tough to ask my friends: <span class="italic">Hey, who knows where I can get heroin?</span> They’d think it was a joke. Plus it has the worst nicknames: “horse,” right? How could I ask for “horse” with a straight face? And, if I were doing heroin, then I’d be a depressed teenager <span class="italic">on heroin.</span> I didn’t need to be that cliché.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Want some breakfast?” Chris asks, and before I can say no, one of the sad yellow trays is pushed in at me. The tray has a half pint of what appears to be oatmeal, a hardboiled egg squished into a lidded Styrofoam container, a coffee (I can tell, because the lid is stained with coffee), a foil-topped cuplet of orange juice, and a piece of wheat bread individually sealed from the elements. Also a fork, spoon, knife, salt, pepper, sugar. It disgusts me. I have no interest in any of it. But they might be monitoring me, so I open the bread and force myself to eat it strip by strip, chasing it with orange juice. I ask one of the nurses for a tea and she brings me another coffee. I sniff the coffee but it smells pretty dangerous, so, just to annoy him, I offer some to Chris.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Got my own,” he says, and holds up a popular worldwide brand of coffee. It’s strange to see brand names in the hospital.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">As Chris yaks on his cell phone (I’d like to know what company gives you service in here; they could like, use it on a commercial: a guy behind padded walls, “Can you hear me now?"), Dr. Data comes back with forms for me to sign about my age and residence. She also brings forms to the older man next to me, the one in Room 21.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“How’re you doing, Jimmy?” she asks in there. She has to talk very loud.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I toldja: it come to ya!” he yells back in a succinct Southern voice.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">She makes a <span class="italic">tsk tsk</span> noise. “How’d you get back in here, Jimmy? We didn’t think we would see you for a long time.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I, I, I woke up, and the bed was on <span class="italic">fire.”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">It’s pretty clear at this point that Mom is going to be late. She’s probably trying to pack me an activity bag. I should really get some sleep. I crash on the stretcher with my hoodie draped dejectedly over my head, but there are way too many thoughts in my brain. What am I going to do? It’s starting to hit me under there. I’m in the <span class="italic">hospital.</span> I’m supposed to <span class="italic">do stuff</span> tonight. There’s a party—a big one—at Aaron’s house. Am I going to be able to go? And if I don’t go, what will I say? And what’s the alternative? Will I stay home and try to work but not be able to and end up with another sleepless night? I can’t have another sleepless night.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">How do you know when you’ve hit bottom? Real bottom involves being on the street, I think, not in a hospital. But the Cycling is starting and I can’t deal with it and it feels like bottom. I sit up, throw the hoodie off.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Can I use the bathroom?” I ask Chris.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">He leads me past the chatty Hispanic patients to a chrome-and-tile bathroom that’s probably seen some bad action. He stays outside. I look around and muse at how I would kill myself in here if I really needed to—I’d have to crush my head in the toilet seat. <span class="italic">Ouch.</span> I haven’t even seen that in a horror movie. I look at the toilet and decide to stand. I’m not going to sit down like the world’s beaten pup anymore. I stand, push hard, wash my hands, and step out.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Wow, that was quick,” says Chris.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">We pass Jimmy in Room 21 on my way back. His hands are still crossed in his lap as Dr. Data tries to ask him questions.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I tell you once: <span class="italic">it the truth.</span> You play that number, <span class="italic">that number will come to you!”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">The guy with the dreads is still tripping out.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I lie down. A nurse comes with a cart that threatens to have more food on it. She knocks—as if there were a door—and says she has to take my heart rate. This involves the placement, all over my body, of sticky tabs attached to wires. They don’t hurt; I have a feeling they will when they come off, though. I turn to the cart as she puts them on, and a metal arm like a record needle is reading out my pulses. I watch it: a spike, then a flatter spike, then a dip and a repeat. <span class="italic">That’s you. That’s your heart.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“All right,” the nurse says. She pulls the tabs off my skin. They don’t hurt—the adhesive is kind and soft. My tabs hang off the cart like a tangle of roots as it rolls away. I lie doing nothing for a second, then put my shirt back on, then my hoodie. How long have I been here? I open my phone. Two-and-a-half hours.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Mr. Gilner?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">A man in a dark suit and a gray tie stands at the entrance to my room. He almost completely occupies it; he’s large and barrel-shaped with a stately, pockmarked face, gray hair, big eyebrows, and a firm handshake.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I am Dr. Mahmoud, yes? You are feeling how? Why are you here?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I give him the rap.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Are your parents here?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Urn, I called them but. . .”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Here, okay, thanks!” I hear Mom’s voice out in the ER. I put my head in my hands.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“He’s here? Twenty-two?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Dr. Mahmoud steps aside, and there’s Mom, trailed by the nurse who let me in, with an overstuffed tote bag on her left arm and Jordan in her right.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Miss!” the nurse is yelling. “You really can’t have dogs in here!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What dog?” Mom asks, slipping Jordan into the tote bag. He pokes his head up at me and barks, then dips down.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Everyone in the ER is silent all of a sudden. Even the cracked-out guy with dreads looks at my mom. Chris approaches her; the nurse who let me in points to me—</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Wait a second,” says Dr. Mahmoud. “Mrs. Gilner?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yes? Craig! Oh my gosh!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Everyone lets her into Room 22. They fan out in a three-person semicircle as she hugs me tight, the kind of hug she used to give me when I was a five-year-old, complete with swaying. Jordan <span class="italic">grrrs</span> at me.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“He had to come; he was making a fuss. I love you so much,” Mom whispers into my ear, hot and full of spittle.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I know.” I hold her back.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Mrs. Gilner—”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“She really needs to leave with the dog,” the nurse says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“She has a dog? Dogs are against policy,” Chris says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Just one second,” Dr. Mahmoud says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">We all look at him.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“All right, Mrs. Gilner, since you’re here, your son has checked himself in due to suicidal ideation and acute depression, you understand?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yes.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“He was on his Zoloft but he stopped taking it.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You did?” Mom turns to me.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I thought I was better.” I shrug.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Stubborn like your father. Yes, Doctor?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Well, the next question is for Craig. Craig, would you like to be admitted?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">Admitted.</span> That probably means to the special room where I get to talk with Dr. Mahmoud. A quick visit and then I’m gone. It’ll give me the feeling that I’ve accomplished something, that I haven’t just languished in the ER.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yes,” I say.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Good decision,” Mom says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Mrs. Gilner, you have to sign off for Craig on that decision,” the doctor says. He swivels his clip-board, which he had been holding in front of me, toward her. There’s a terrible amount of very small writing on the top half of the page and even more on the bottom half; in the middle, an equator of sorts marks where you’re supposed to sign.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“There is one thing,” the doctor says. “Right now the hospital is undergoing renovations and we’re very tight for space, so your son will be admitted with the adults.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m sorry, what?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“He will be admitted along with our adult patients, not with the teenagers alone.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Oh, so I’ll be waiting with old people to see Dr. Mahmoud? “That isn’t a problem,” I say.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Good.” The doctor smiles.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Will he be safe?” Mom asks.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Absolutely. We have the best care in Brooklyn here, Mrs. Gilner. The renovations are only a temporary situation.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“All right. Craig, you’re okay with that?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Sure. Whatever.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Mom puts her loopy indecipherable signature on the sheet.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Great. We’ll get everything ready for you, Craig,” Dr. Mahmoud says. “You’re going to feel a lot better.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Okay,” I shake his hand. He turns and heads out, a large suit greeting patients left and right in the ER.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">The nurse touches Mom’s shoulder. “I’m sorry, you really have to go with the dog, ma’am.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Can I give my son a bag of clothes?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What am I going to need clothes for?” I ask. I look in the bag: not only are there clothes, and not only are they the clothes I hate, but Jordan is sitting on them.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“If you want to bring him items, you can bring them to the hospital later in the day,” the nurse answers.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Where is he going to be?” Mom asks, like I’m not there.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“In Six North,” the nurse answers. “Just ask for him. Come on.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I love you, Craig.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Bye, Mom.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">A quick hug, and she’s on her way—Chris watches, with his hands on his hips. I’m really curious about his efficacy as a hospital security guard.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What’s Six North?” I ask him.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Ah, uh, we’re not supposed to be talking,” he says, and sits back down with his paper. I look out the door for some news, but it’s all the same. You know, this is a crappy place to be. I wish I wasn’t depressed so I didn’t have to be here.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Mr. Gilner?” someone finally asks. A new guy walks up to the door, a thin, short-bearded, older hippie-looking guy—except without the long hair— with glasses. He’s not wearing a white robe or a blue robe or a cop uniform. He’s wearing jeans, a blue-collared shirt, and what appears to be a leather vest.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m Smitty. We’re ready to take you up now.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“There’re two!” a doctor says as she passes by. “Twenty-one <span class="italic">and</span> twenty-two.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Well, I don’t have papers for Mr. Twenty-One.” Smitty shakes his head. “So I’m going to be taking up Mr. Gilner, and I’ll be back down, all right? Hey, is that <span class="italic">Jimmy!”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“He’s <span class="italic">back”</span> the doctor moans.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Hey, it’s Saturday, baby. Everything is going to be all right. Mr. Gilner?” He turns to me.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Uh, yeah.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You ready to get out of this crazy place?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Am I going to see Dr. Mahmoud?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Sure. Later in the day.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You got this one, Smitty?” Chris asks.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I don’t think you’re going to give me any trouble, are you, Mr. Gilner?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Um, no.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Okay, do you have your stuff?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I check my bracelets, my keys, my phone, my wallet. “Yep!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Let’s walk.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I hop off the stretcher, nod at Chris, and follow Smitty at his slow pace through the ER. We open a door near the bathroom and pierce a seal into an entirely different biome of the hospital—red brick, indoor trees, posters of notable doctors who practiced there. Smitty leads me through an atrium to a bank of elevators.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">He hits the up button, stands by me, and nods. I notice a plaque between the two elevators, showing us what’s on each floor.</span></p>
<blockquote class="calibre21">
<div class="calibre1">
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">                                           4 - Pediatrics.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">                                           5 - Delivery.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">                                           6 - Adult Psychiatric.</span></p>
</div>
</blockquote>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">Oh, he’ll be up in Six North.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Going to adult psychiatric, huh?” I ask Smitty.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Well"—he looks at me—"you’re not quite old enough for geriatric psychiatric.” And he smiles.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">The elevator dings; we get in and turn around, each taking a corner. Smitty leads me left when we get to six. I pass a poster with a chubby Hispanic man in blue robes holding his hand over his mouth: SHHHHHHHH! HEALING IN PROGRESS. Then Smitty passes some kind of card in front of two double doors, and the doors open and we walk through them.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">It’s an empty hallway, wide enough for a grown man to lie across with his arms stretched up. At the end are two big windows and a collection of couches. To the right is a small office with a glass window that has inch-wide squares of thin wire embedded in it; inside, nurses sit at computers. Just beyond the office, another hall branches off to the right. I follow Smitty forward, and when we come to the crossroads of the two halls, I glance down the one to my right.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">A man stands there, leaning on the banisters that line the hall even though there are no steps. The man is short and stocky; he has bugged-out eyes and a squashed face and an almost-but-not-quite harelip. There’s fuzz coming out of his neck and a big swath of black hair on his little head. He looks at me with homeless-person eyes, like I just popped out of a manhole and offered him valuable paper clips from the moon.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">Oh my God,</span> it hits. <span class="italic">I’m in the mental ward.</span></span></p>
</div>  <div class="mbppagebreak" id="calibre_pb_25"></div></body></html>
