<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>It&amp;#8217;s Kind of a Funny Story</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
<link href="page_styles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>
  <body class="calibre">
<div class="calibre1">
<p id="filepos561566" class="calibre16"><span class="calibre17"><span class="bold"><a href=".html_split_003#filepos8980">thirty-four</a></span></span></p><div class="calibre18"> </div>
<p class="calibre10"><span class="calibre3">“I’m really glad to see you.” We’re back in the room that Nurse Monica checks me out in. Dr. Minerva seems very familiar with it.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m glad to see you, too. I’m glad to see you well,” she says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah, it’s really been a roller coaster, I have to say.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“An emotional roller coaster.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yes.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Where is that roller coaster right now, Craig?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Down. Way down.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What’s got you down?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I got a phone call from my school principal.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“And what did he want?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I don’t know. I hung up.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What do you think he wanted, Craig?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“To expel me.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“And why would he want to do that?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Hello? Because I’m here? Because I’m not <span class="italic">in school?”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Craig, your principal can’t expel you for being in a psychiatric hospital.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Well, you know all my other problems.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What are those?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Hanging out with my friends all the time, getting depressed, not doing homework …”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Uh-huh. Let’s hold off on that for a moment, Craig. I haven’t seen you since Friday. Can you talk a little bit about how you came to be here?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I give her the rap. There’s much more to add to it now, about being on Six North. About Noelle and the eating and the not throwing up and the sleeping, where I’m one for two.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What’s it like compared to Friday, Craig?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Better. Much, much better. But the question is, am I really better, or am I just lulled into a false sense of security by this fake environment? I mean, it’s <span class="italic">not</span> normal here.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Nowhere is normal, Craig.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I guess not. What’s been the news since I’ve been in here?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Someone tried to gas the Four Seasons in Manhattan.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Jeez!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I know.” Dr. Minerva smirks. Then she leans in. “Craig, there’s one thing you didn’t mention that your recreation director did. She said you’ve been doing art while you’ve been here.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Oh, yeah, that’s nothing, really. Just yesterday.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What is it like?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Well, remember how I told you last time that I liked to draw maps when I was a little kid? It sort of came from that.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“How so?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“When they gave me a pencil and paper in arts and crafts, I remembered—well, I didn’t remember, I was actually prompted by Noelle—”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“That’s the girl you met?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Right.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“From the way you describe her I can see a real friendship developing.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Oh, forget a friendship. We are totally going to be going out when I leave, I think.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You think you’re ready for that, Craig?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Absolutely.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“All right.” She takes a note. “So how did Noelle help you?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“She suggested that I draw something from my childhood, and that made me remember the maps.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I see.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“And I started drawing one, but then Ebony came over—”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You’re on a first-name basis with all these people.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Of course.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Have you ever considered yourself good at mak-ing friends, Craig?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“But you can make friends here.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Right. Well, here is different.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">“How</span> is it different?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It’s, I dunno . . . there’s no pressure.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No pressure to make friends?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No, no pressure to <span class="italic">work</span> hard.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“As there is in the outside world.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Right.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Tremendous pressure out there. Your Tentacles.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Are there Tentacles in here, Craig?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I stop and think. The way they run things on Six North has become clear to me: it’s all about keeping people occupied and passing the time. You wake up and you’ve immediately got a blood pressure gauge around your arm and somebody taking your pulse. Then it’s breakfast. Then you get your meds and then there’s a smoking break, and then <span class="italic">maybe</span> you have fifteen minutes to yourself before there’s some kind of activity. That leads to lunch which leads to more meds and more smoking and more activities, and then all of a sudden the day is over; it’s time for dinner, and everyone’s trading salt and desserts, and then it’s the 10 P.M. cigarette break and bedtime.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No, there aren’t any Tentacles in here,” I say. “The opposite of a Tentacle is a simple task, something that’s placed before you and that you do without question. That’s what they have in here.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Right. Your only Tentacles in here are your phone calls, which are what got you so down just now.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Correct.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Dr. Minerva takes notes. “Now, here’s an important question, Craig. Are there any <span class="italic">Anchors</span> in here?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Huh.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Anything you can hold on to.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I think about it. If an Anchor is a constant, there are lots of those. There’s the constant lite FM, which occasionally borders on dangerously funky, coming out of the nurses’station whether Smitty or Howard is behind it. There’s the constant schedule: the food coming and going, the meds being dished out, the announcements of Armelio. There’s the constant of Armelio himself, always ready to play cards. And Jimmy is always around going, “It’ll come <span class="italic">to ya!”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“The people are Anchors,” I say.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“People don’t make good Anchors, though, Craig. They change. The people here are going to change. The patients are going to leave. You can’t rely on them.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“When will they leave?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I can’t know that.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What about the staff?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“They change too, just on a different time scale. People always come and go.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Noelle. She’s beautiful and smart and I really like her. She could be an Anchor.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You don’t want any of your Anchors being members of the opposite sex you’re attracted to,” Dr. Minerva says. “Relationships change even more than people. It’s like two people changing. It’s exponentially more volatile. Especially two teenagers.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“But Romeo and Juliet were teenagers,” I point out.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“And what happened to Romeo and Juliet?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Oh,” I mumble. “Right.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“And have we gone beyond that, Craig? Have we gone beyond thinking those thoughts?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yes,” I nod.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Because if you have those thoughts again you know you have to come back here.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I know. I won’t.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Why not?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It’s just… It would suck to kill myself. I’d hurt a lot of people and … it would suck.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“That’s right,” Dr. Minerva leans across the table. “It <span class="italic">would</span> suck. And not just for other people. For you.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It’s not noble or anything,” I say. “Like this guy Muqtada who’s my roommate, he’s practically dead. He doesn’t do anything. He just lies in bed all day.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Right.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“And I don’t want to ever be like him. I don’t want to live that way. And if I were dead, I’d basically be living that way.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Excellent, Craig.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">She stops. Like I say, the good shrinks know when to throw in a dramatic pause.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I tap my feet. The fluorescent lights hum.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I want to pick back up on your Anchors,” Dr. Minerva says. “Can you think of anything else you’ve found in here that could occupy your time when you leave?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I think. I know there’s something. It’s at the tip of my brain-tongue. But it won’t come.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Okay, not a problem. You’ve made a lot of progress today. There’s only one more thing we have to do: call your principal.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No!” I tell her, but she’s already at it, pulling out her cell phone, which is apparently allowed up here. “Yes, I’d like the number for Executive Pre-Professional High School in Manhattan.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You can’t you can’t you <span class="italic">can’t”</span> I say, leaning across the table, grabbing at the phone. Luckily the blinds are drawn so no one can see in here; if they did they’d probably have me sedated. She gets up and walks to the door, points outside. <span class="italic">Do I want security in here?</span> I sit back down.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yes,” she says. “I need to speak with the principal. I’m returning a call of his to one of your students regarding a health and legal matter. I’m the mother.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">A pause.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Great.” She cups the phone. “I’m being connected.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I can’t believe you’re doing this,” I say.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I can’t believe you’d be worried about me doing this . . . yes, hello? Is this Mr. . . .” she looks at me.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Janowitz,” I mouth.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Janowitz?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I hear an affirmative <span class="italic">mumph</span> through the line.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m Dr. Minerva, calling for your student Craig Gilner. You called him before at Argenon Hospital psychiatric facility in Brooklyn. I’m Craig’s licensed therapist and I’m right here with him; would you like to speak with him?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">She nods. “Here you go, Craig.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I take the cell phone—it’s smaller than mine, more buzzy. “Um, hello?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Craig, why’d you hang up on me?” His booming voice is light and gentle, almost laughing.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Ah … I thought I was in trouble. I thought I was being expelled. You called me, you know, in the <span class="italic">hospital.”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Craig, I called you because I got a message from one of our teachers. I just wanted to tell you that you have the school’s full support in everything you’re going through and that we’re more than willing to have your semester repeated, or given over the summer, or for work to be provided for you where you are now, if you should miss enough days to warrant that.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Oh.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“We don’t pass judgment on our students for being in the <span class="italic">hospital,</span> my goodness, Craig.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No? But it’s, like, a psychiatric—”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I know what kind of hospital it is. You think we don’t have other kids in these situations? It’s a <span class="italic">very</span> common problem among young people.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Oh. Uh, thanks.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Are you doing okay?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m doing better.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Do you know when you’ll be leaving?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I don’t want to tell him Thursday and then have it be Friday. Or next Thursday. Or next year.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Soon,” I say.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Okay. You just hang in there, and whenever you come back, we’ll be waiting for you at Executive Pre-Professional.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Thanks, Mr. Janowitz.” And I picture it in my mind: me going back to school. My little group of friends—only they’re not even my friends anymore—buffered by this new collection of girls who like me because I’m depressed and teachers who are sympathizing and the suddenly nice principal. It’s something I want to get excited about. But I can’t.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“See, was that so bad?” Dr. Minerva asks. And I have to admit that it wasn’t. But it was kind of like getting told that the prison is happy that you’ve been granted a temporary reprieve but we’ll be <span class="italic">right here</span> with open arms to take you in when you come back.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“The plan right now is to discharge you Thursday, Craig, and I’ll be here to talk to you on Wednesday, all right?” Dr. Minerva asks. I shake her hand and thank her. I tell her what I tell her when I feel really good about talking to her, which is that she knows how to do her job. Then I go back to my room and draw some brain maps. I’m excited for tonight, for Armelio’s big card tournament.</span></p>
</div>  <div class="mbppagebreak" id="calibre_pb_44"></div></body></html>
