<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>It&amp;#8217;s Kind of a Funny Story</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
<link href="page_styles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>
  <body class="calibre">
<div class="calibre1">
<p id="filepos702783" class="calibre16"><span class="calibre17"><span class="bold"><a href=".html_split_003#filepos10812">forty-four</a></span></span></p><div class="calibre18"> </div>
<p class="calibre10"><span class="calibre3">“How’re you doing?” Dr. Minerva is like.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">It’s 11 A.M. I sigh. After vitals was breakfast, where the guy who was afraid of gravity and Rolling Pin Robert were gone—Humble told me and Noelle that they got discharged. Toward the end of the meal, Noelle touched her leg against mine for as long as it took me to drink the first sip of my after-breakfast Swee-Touch-Nee tea, which was a big sip. Then Monica announced that we’d be screening <span class="italic">Blade II</span> tonight opposite the smoking lounge and everybody got excited, especially Johnny: “Huh, that movie is cool; a lotta vampires die.” No announcements about my music, but then again it hadn’t arrived yet.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I took my Zoloft in my little plastic cup and drew some brain maps by the window in the corner of the hall next to Jimmy. I handled my phone messages, started thinking seriously about what I’d do the moment I got out—would I buy a cup of coffee? Walk to the park? Go home and start in on the e-mail?—and <span class="italic">that</span> got me started thinking about e-mail, and all of a sudden I was really glad to have Dr. Minerva to go to.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m doing okay, I think.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">She looks at me calm and steady. Maybe <span class="italic">she’s</span> my Anchor.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What’s got you in doubt, Craig?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Excuse me?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You said you were okay ‘you think.’Why do you just <span class="italic">think</span> it?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“That’s an expression,” I say.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“This isn’t the place to be leaving if you’re not feeling better, Craig.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Right, well, I’ve been thinking about my e-mail.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yes?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m really worried about getting out there and having to check it. The phones I’m caught up with, but the e-mail might be pretty deadly.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Deadly . . . How can e-mail be deadly, Craig?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Well.” I lean back, take a deep breath. Then I remember something. “You know how I had a lot of problems with starting and stopping my sentences before?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yes.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Not lately.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Really?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah, it’s like the opposite, like words can just pour out of me, the way they used to, when I used to get in trouble in class.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Which was…” She focuses on her pad to write this down.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“A year ago . . . Before I went to Executive Pre-Professional.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Right—now tell me about the e-mail.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“The e-mail.” I put my hands on the table. “I hate it. Like, right now, I haven’t been checking it for five days, okay?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Since Saturday.” She nods.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“That’s right. Now, what are people thinking while they’re trying to reach me? These are people who probably already have some idea where I am because Nia told Aaron the number and he figured it out.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Right: a big source of shame for you.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yes. But even if someone has no idea where I am, what are they thinking? <span class="italic">Five days.</span> They’re like: <span class="italic">He’s crazy. He must have OD’ed or something.</span> Everyone is expecting me to answer them instantly and I’m not able to.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Who e-mails you, Craig?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“People who want homework assignments, teachers, school clubs, announcements about charities I should volunteer in, invitations to Executive Pre-Professional football, basketball, squash games …”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“So they’re mostly school-related.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“They’re <span class="italic">all</span> school-related. My friends don’t e-mail me. They call.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“So why don’t you just ignore the e-mails?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I can’t!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Why not?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Because then people will be offended!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“And what happens then?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Well, I won’t get to join clubs, get credits, participate in stuff, get extra-credit. . . I’ll <span class="italic">fail.”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“At school.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Right.” I pause. No, it’s not exactly school. It’s what comes after school. “At life.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Ah.” She pauses. “Life.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Right.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Failing at school is failing at life.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Well… I’m <span class="italic">in</span> school! That’s the one thing I’m supposed to do. I know a lot of famous people didn’t do well at school, like James Brown; he dropped out in fifth grade to be an entertainer, I respect that… but that’s not going to be me. I’m not going to be able to do anything but work as hard as possible all the time and compete with everyone I know all the time to make it. And right now school’s the <span class="italic">one thing</span> I need to do. And I’m away from the e-mail and I can’t do it.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“But your definition of school isn’t really one thing, it’s many different things, Craig: extracurricular activities plus sports plus volunteering. That’s not to mention homework.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Right.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“How anxious would you say you are about all of this, Craig?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I think back to what Bobby said, about anxiety being a <span class="italic">medical</span> thing. The e-mail has been in the back of my mind since I got here, the nagging knowledge that when I get out I’ll have to sit on the computer for five or six hours going through everything I’ve missed, answering it in reverse order because that’s the way it comes in and therefore taking the longest time to respond to the people who e-mailed me in the most distant past. And then as I’m answering them more will <span class="italic">come in,</span> and they’ll sit on top of my stack and mock me, dare me to answer them before digging down, telling me that I need them, as opposed to the one or two e-mails that are actually about something I care about. Those will get saved to the end, and by the time I have the time to deal with them, they’ll be so out of date that I’ll just have to apologize: <span class="italic">Sorry, man. I haven’t been able to answer my e-mail. No, I’m not important, just incapable.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Craig?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Very anxious,” I answer.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“The e-mail anxiety, and the failure talk . . . These are subjects you’ve brought up before. They’re very distressing to you.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I know. I’m sweating.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You are?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah. And I haven’t been sweating for a while.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You’ve been away from your Tentacles.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Right. Not anymore. Now I get to go back and they’re all right there for me.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Do you remember what I asked you last time, about whether or not you’d found any Anchors in here?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yes.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">She pauses. In order to ask a question, it is often possible for Dr. Minerva only to intimate that she might ask a question.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I think I’ve found one,” I sigh.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What’s that?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Can I get up and get it?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Absolutely.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I leave the office and walk down the hall, where Bobby is leading a new recruit on his welcoming tour—a black guy with wild teeth and a stained blue sweatsuit.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“This is Craig,” Bobby says. “He’s real young, but he’s on the level. He does drawings.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I shake the man’s hand. That’s right. I do drawings.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Human Being,” the man says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“That’s his name,” Bobby explains, rolling his eyes.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Your name isn’t Craig; it’s Human Being too,” the man says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I nod, break the handshake, and keep walking to my room. It’s literally like breaking away from a monster—the further I get from thinking about e-mail and Dr. Minerva and the fact that I’m going to have to leave here and go back to Executive Pre-Professional, the calmer I get. And the closer I get to the brain maps, to this little stupid thing I can do, the calmer I get.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I walk past Muqtada—he’s staring and trying to sleep—and take my art off the radiator cover. I cradle it in a stack past Bobby and Human Being— who’s now explaining how his real last name is Green and that’s what he needs, some green—back into the office.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I kinda like it in here,” I say to Dr. Minerva.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“This room?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No, the hospital.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“When you’re finished, you can volunteer.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I talked to the guitar guy Neil about that. I think I’ll try. I can get school credit!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Is that the reason you should volunteer, Craig—”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No, no …” I shake my head. “I’m just <span class="italic">joking.”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Ah.” Dr. Minerva cuts her face into a wide smile. “So what do we have here?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I plop them down on the table. There are two dozen now. No kind of crazy breakthroughs, just variations on a theme: pigs with brain maps that resemble St. Louis, my couple for Noelle joined by the sweeping bridge, a family of metropolises.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Your artwork,” she says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">She leafs through them, going “Oh, my” at the particularly good ones. I constructed this stack last night—not just for Dr. Minerva, for anybody. The brain maps have a certain order. Ever since I’ve been doing them, they’ve been making it clear that they should be stacked for presentation.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Craig, these are wonderful.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Thanks.” I sit down. We were both standing. I didn’t even notice.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You started these because you used to do them when you were four?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Right. Well. Something like them.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“And how do they make you feel?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I look at the pile. “Awesome.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">She leans in. “Why?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I have to think about that one, and when Dr. Minerva makes me think, I don’t get embarrassed and try to skip it. I look to the left and stroke my chin.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Because I do them,” I say. “I do them and they’re done. It’s almost like, you know, peeing?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yes . . .” Dr. Minerva nods. “Something you enjoy.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Right. I do it; it’s successful; it feels good; and I know it’s good. When I finish one of these up I feel like I’ve actually done something and like the rest of my day can be spent doing whatever, stupid crap, e-mail, phone calls, all the rest of it.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Craig, have you ever considered the fact that you might be an artist?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I have other stuff too,” I keep going. <span class="italic">What’d she say?</span> “First of all I was thinking about this perpetual candle, like a candle on the ground with another candle hanging upside-down over it, and as the first candle melts the wax is kept molten by some kind of hot containment unit and gets pumped up to the second candle and drips down like a stalactite-stalagmite thing, and then I was also thinking: what if you filled a shoe with whipped cream? Just a man’s shoe, filled with whipped cream? That’s pretty easy to do. And then you could keep going: a T-shirt filled with Jell-O, a hat full of applesauce . . . that’s art, right? That kind of stuff. What’d you say about artists?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">She chuckles. “You seem to enjoy what you’re doing here.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah, well, duh, it’s not the most difficult thing in the world.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You’re not sweating now.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“This is a good Anchor for me,” I say. I admit. I admit it. It’s a stupid thing to admit. It means that I’m not practical. But then again, I’m already in the loony bin; how practical am I going to get? I might have to give up on practical.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“That’s right, Craig. This <span class="italic">can</span> be your Anchor.” Dr. Minerva stares at me and doesn’t blink. I look at her face, the wall behind her, the door, the shades, the table, my hands on the table, the Brain Maps between us. I could do the one on the top a little better. I could try putting some wood grain in there with the streets. Knots of wood in people’s heads. That could work. “This can be my Anchor.” I nod. “But. ..”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What, Craig?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What am I going to do about school? I can’t go to Executive Pre-Professional for <span class="italic">art.”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m going to throw a wild notion at you.” Dr. Minerva leans back, then forward. “Have you ever thought about going to a <span class="italic">different school?”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I stare ahead.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I hadn’t. I honestly hadn’t.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Not once, not in my whole life, not since I started there. That’s my <span class="italic">school.</span> I worked harder to get in than I did for anything else, ever. I went there because, coming out of it, I’d be able to be President. Or a lawyer. Rich, that’s the point. Rich and successful.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">And look where it got me. One stupid year—not even one, like three quarters of one—and here I am with not one, but <span class="italic">two</span> bracelets on my wrist, next to a shrink in a room adjacent to a hall where there’s a guy named Human Being walking around. If I keep doing this for three more years, where will I be? I’ll be a complete loser. And what if I <span class="italic">keep</span> on? What if I do okay, live with the depression, get into College, do College, go to Grad School, get the Job, get the Money, get Kids and a Wife and a Nice Car? What kind of crap will I be in then? I’ll be <span class="italic">completely crazy.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I don’t want to be <span class="italic">completely</span> crazy. I don’t like being here <span class="italic">that</span> much. I like being a little crazy: enough to volunteer here, not enough to ever, ever, ever come back.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yes,” I say. “Yes. I have thought about it.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“When? Just now?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I smile. “Absolutely.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“And what do you think?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I clap my hands together and stand up. “I think I should call my parents and tell them that I want to transfer schools.”</span></p>
</div>  <div class="mbppagebreak" id="calibre_pb_56"></div></body></html>
