<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>It&amp;#8217;s Kind of a Funny Story</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
<link href="page_styles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>
  <body class="calibre">
<div class="calibre1">
<p id="filepos484365" class="calibre16"><span class="calibre17"><span class="bold"><a href=".html_split_003#filepos8068">twenty-nine</a></span></span></p><div class="calibre18"> </div>
<p class="calibre10"><span class="calibre3">I’m awakened by a guy in light blue scrubs taking my blood. That’s an interesting way to wake up. The guy comes into the room with a cart—carts are very popular here—as light creeps through the blinds.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I need your bloods. For downstairs.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Uh, okay.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I present my arm. I’m too beat to ask any questions. He takes a little bit of blood expertly through the back of my hand under my middle-finger knuckle—doesn’t leave any kind of mark—and rolls along, leaving Muqtada asleep, or awake and paralyzed by life; it’s tough to tell. I want to get more sleep, but once you’ve been stuck you’re inclined to get up, so I move out of bed and take a shower with the hospital-provided towels and my parent-provided shampoo and the generic soap that I pump out of the wall. The shower is searing and wonderful, but 1 don’t want to stay too long—I have to break my habit of languishing in the bathroom—so I dry off and drop my stuff back at the nurses’station. Smitty isn’t there; instead there’s a big guy who introduces himself as Harold and tells me to dump the towels in a hamper that looks just like a garbage can by the dining room, something that I know I’ve seen Humble and Bobby dump apple cores and banana peels into.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Hey, buddy, you’re up!” Armelio calls out, bounding down the hall at me. “How’d you sleep?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Not good. I needed a shot.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“That’s okay, buddy, we all need shots once in a while.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Heh.” I crack the day’s first smile. Armelio uncorks one of his own.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It’s time to wake everyone up for vitals,” he says, treading down the hall. “<span class="italic">All</span>
<span class="italic">right, everybody! Vitals! Time to take your vitals!”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">A caravan of my fellow bleary mental patients— or wait, I think we’re called in-patient psychiatric treatment recipients, technically—emerge from their compartments, rubbing their eyes and staggering as if they have a job to get to and they just need that first cup of coffee. Surprised by my good fortune, I put myself at the front of the line and become the first to get my blood pressure and pulse taken. 120/80. I continue to be the picture of health.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Craig?” Harold, the big guy, asks when everyone is done.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You haven’t been filling out your menus.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What are those?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Every day, you’re supposed to put down what sort of meals you want. On one of these.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">He holds up what looks like a placemat, with columns of food: <span class="italic">Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You should have gotten this in your welcome packet the nurse gave you.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Ah, the one I completely ignored. I nod.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I just. . . didn’t. ..”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It’s okay, but if you don’t mark up your menus, you’re going to get a meal we pick for you every time. So fill one out for lunch and dinner today. For breakfast you’re going to have to have one of the omelets.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I put my elbows down on the desk and eye the menu choices: hamburger, fish nuggets, French-cut beans, turkey with stuffing, fresh fruit, pudding, oatmeal, orange juice, milk 4oz, milk 8oz, 2% milk, skim milk, tea, coffee, hot chocolate, split pea soup, minestrone soup, fruit salad, cottage cheese, bagel, cream cheese, butter, jelly… highly processed food. I’m not going to have a problem eating this. My eyes swim over the choices.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Circle what you want,” Harold explains. I start circling.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“If you want two of anything, put two-x by it.” I start putting 2xs.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I wish the world were like this, if I just woke up and marked the food I’d be eating and it came to me later in the day. I suppose it <span class="italic">is</span> like that, except you have to pay for whatever you want to eat, so maybe what I’m asking for is communism, but I think it’s actually deeper than communism—I’m asking for simplicity, for purity and ease of choice and no pressure. I’m asking for something that no politics is going to provide, something that probably you only get in preschool. I’m asking for preschool.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“After breakfast, fill one out for tomorrow,” Harold says as I hand in my menu.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Breakfast comes to the dining room and the omelet is like a science experiment: is the lack of cheese explained by the mysterious holes that dot the alleged egg?</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Your first omelet,” Bobby says. Today, for a change, I sit with him instead of Humble. Johnny rounds out the table.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It’s really gross.” I pick at it.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It’s like a rite of passage,” Johnny says. He speaks slowly and without any accents in his words. ‘"Everyone must eat the omelet.’”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah, you’re <span class="italic">in</span> now,” Bobby says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Huh.” Johnny exhales.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“How did everybody sleep?” I try.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m anxious, real anxious,” Bobby says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Why?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’ve got that interview tomorrow, with the adult home.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What’s that?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Huh.” Johnny exhales. “It’s where people like us live.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It’s a place like this, basically, except you have to hold a job,” Bobby explains. “You don’t need a pass to leave; you can leave whenever you want, but you have to prove you’re employed and be back by seven o’clock.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Wait, you can leave here with a pass?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah, once you have five days inside, they have to give you a pass if you ask for it.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m gonna try and be <span class="italic">out</span> in five days.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Huh,” Johnny exhales. “Good luck.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I start in on my orange, which is about two hundred times more edible than the omelet. “Why are you nervous about the interview?” I ask Bobby.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Anxious, not nervous. It’s different. It’s medical.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Why are you anxious, then? I’m sure you’ll get in.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You can’t be sure of a thing like that. And if I mess it up, I’ve got problems: I’ve been here too long; my coverage isn’t going to last. Once you’re giving the tours, it’s really time to leave.” He takes a slow bite of oatmeal. “The last place wouldn’t let me in because I’m too much of a picky eater. It’s not like this place. You can’t pick your food.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“So now you know what not to say!” I point out.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah, that’s true.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“See, when you mess something up,” I muse, “you learn for the next time. It’s when people <span class="italic">compliment</span> you that you’re in trouble. That means they expect you to keep it up.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Bobby nods. “Very, very true.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Huh, yeah,” Johnny says. “My mom was always complimenting me, and look how I turned out.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“This kid has some promise.” Bobby laughs. “He’s on the level.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Huh, yeah, on the level. You play guitar, kid?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Johnny here’s a great guitarist,” Bobby says. <span class="italic">“Really</span> great. He had a deal in the eighties.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Oh yeah?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">“Shhh,”</span> Johnny says. “It ain’t nothin’.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Bobby continues: “He can play better than the guy they bring in here to play for us. But he’s a cool guy, that guy.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah, he’s on the level.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“He’s on the level. Is he coming in today for group?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“That’s tomorrow. Today is art.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“With Joanie.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Right.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Bobby sips his coffee. “If there wasn’t coffee on this earth, I’d be dead.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I scan the room: everyone’s here but Solomon, the Anorexics (who I’ve now seen peeking out of their rooms like, literally, skeletons in closets), and Noelle. I wonder where she is. She didn’t show up for vitals. Maybe she’s out on a pass. I hope she’ll be around tonight for our date. Technically, it’ll be my first date.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You know, I’ll tell you why I’m <span class="italic">really</span> anxious,” Bobby pipes up, leaning in over his coffee. “It’s this stupid shirt.” He pushes forward his Marvin the Martian WORLD DOMINATOR sweatshirt. “How’m I gonna do an interview in this?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Huh.” Johnny exhales. “Never underestimate the power of Marvin.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">“Shhh,</span> man. I’m serious.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I have shirts,” I say.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What?” Bobby looks up.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I have shirts. I’ll lend you a shirt.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What? You would do that?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Sure. What size are you?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Medium. What are you?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Uh, child’s large.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What is that in normal?” Bobby turns to Johnny.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I didn’t even know children had sizes,” Johnny says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I think it would fit,” I stand up. Bobby gets up next to me and, although his posture is way different—backward, really—he looks like a decent match.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I have a blue-collared shirt that my mom makes me wear to church every week. I can have her bring it.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Today? The interview’s tomorrow.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah. No problem. She’s two blocks away.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You would do that for me?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Sure!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“All right,” Bobby says. We shake hands. “You’re <span class="italic">really</span> on the level. You’re a good person.” We look into each other’s eyes as we shake. His are still full of death and horror, but in them I see my face reflected, and inside my tiny eyes inside his, I think I see some hope.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Good person,” Johnny echoes. Bobby sits down. I put my tray back in the cart and Humble comes up behind me.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You didn’t sit with me, I’m very hurt,” he says. “I might have to jump you for your lunch money later.”</span></p>
</div>  <div class="mbppagebreak" id="calibre_pb_38"></div></body></html>
