<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>It&amp;#8217;s Kind of a Funny Story</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
<link href="page_styles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>
  <body class="calibre">
<div class="calibre1">
<p id="filepos602281" class="calibre16"><span class="calibre17"><span class="bold"><a href=".html_split_003#filepos9426">thirty-six</a></span></span></p><div class="calibre18"> </div>
<p class="calibre10"><span class="calibre3">The next day Humble isn’t around for breakfast. I sit with Bobby and Johnny, collect my shirt, perfectly folded, and put it on the back of my chair. I drink the day’s first “Swee-Touch-Nee” tea and ask what they did with Humble.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Oh, he’s happy. They went and gave him some serious drugs, probably.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Like what?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You know about drugs? Pills?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Sure. I’m a teenager.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Well, Humble is psychotic and depressed,” Bobby explains. “So he gets SSRIs, lithium, Xanax—”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Vicodin,” Johnny says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Vicodin, Valium . . . he’s like the most heavily medicated guy in here.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“So when they took him away they gave him all that stuff?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No, that’s what he gets <span class="italic">normally.</span> When they take him away they give him shots, I bet. Atavan.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I had that.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You did? That’ll knock you right out. Was it fun?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It was okay. I don’t want to be taking stuff like that all the time.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Huh. That’s the right attitude,” says Johnny. “We got a little sidetracked by drugs, me and Bobby.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah, no kiddin’,” Bobby says. He shakes his head, looks up, chews, and folds his hands. “Sidetracked isn’t even the word. We were off the face of <span class="italic">this planet.</span> We were holed up twenty-four hours a day. I missed so many concerts.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m sorry—”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“—Santana, Zeppelin, what’s that later one with the junkie, Nirvana … I coulda seen Rush, Van Halen, Mötley Crüe, everybody. All this back when it cost ten bucks to get in. And I was too much of a garbage-head to care.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What’s a garbage-head?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Somebody who does anything, whatever,” Bobby explains. “You give it to me, I’d do it. Just to see what it was like.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Jeez. I’ll admit that it sounds a little sexy. I see the appeal. But maybe that’s why I’m in here, to meet guys who take the appeal away.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Do you think Humble stages scenes so he can get drugs?” I’m spreading cream cheese on a bagel now. I started ordering bagels x2 for breakfast; they’re far and away the best option.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“That’s the kinda thing you just can’t speculate about,” Bobby says. “Oh, here comes your girl.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">She rushes in with a tray and sits down in a corner, drinks her juice, dips at her oatmeal. She glances over at me. I wave as lightly as I can, so people think maybe I have a spasmodic twitch. I haven’t seen her since Sunday; I don’t know what she did all of yesterday. I don’t know how she eats if she doesn’t leave her room. Same with Muqtada. Maybe they deliver food to her? There’s still so much I don’t know about this place.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Huh, she <span class="italic">is</span> a cutie,” Johnny says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“C’mon, man, don’t be saying that. She’s like thirteen,” Bobby says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“So? <span class="italic">He’s</span> like thirteen.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m fifteen.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Well, let <span class="italic">him</span> say it, then,” Bobby says to Johnny. “Leave the thirteen-year-olds to the thirteen-year-olds.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m fifteen,” I interject.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Craig, you should probably wait a few years, because sex at thirteen can mess you up.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m fifteen!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Huh, I was doing stuff when I was fifteen,” says Johnny.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah,” says Bobby. “With <span class="italic">guys.”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">Pause.</span> If Ronny were here, he would say it out loud: “Pause.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Huh. This food sucks.” Johnny pushes his waf fles aside. “Kid,” he says. “Just do this for me. If you get with her, freak her a little bit. You know what I mean?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Stop it,” Bobby looks at Johnny. “You got a daughter that age.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’d set him up with my daughter, too. Probably do her good.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Wait, how do you guys even <span class="italic">know</span> about this? I only talked with her once, and it was really short. Nothing happened.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah, but you came into the activity center with her.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“We notice everything.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I shake my head. “What’s going on today?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“At eleven the guitar guy is coming. Johnny here’ll play.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Oh, yeah?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Huh, if the inclination hits.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I finish up my bagel. I know what I’m going to do until the guitar guy comes: I’m going to make brain maps. I kind of have an audience now. Joanie lent me some high-quality pencils and glossy paper since I helped her out with clean-up after the card tournament debacle, so I can draw whenever I want. When I do, people line up to watch me work. Ebony is my biggest fan; she seems to like nothing better than to sit behind me and see the maps fill out in the people’s heads; I think she likes them more than I do. The Professor is big into them too; she says my art is “extraordinary” and I could sell it on the street if I wanted. I’m branching out into variations: maps in people’s bodies, maps in animals, maps connecting two people together. It comes naturally and it passes the time and it feels a little more accomplished than playing cards.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m gonna work on my art,” I tell the guys.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“If I had half your initiative, things woulda turned out different,” says Bobby.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Huh, yeah; I want to be you when I grow up,” says Johnny.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I walk out with my tray.</span></p>
</div>  <div class="mbppagebreak" id="calibre_pb_47"></div></body></html>
