<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>It&amp;#8217;s Kind of a Funny Story</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
<link href="page_styles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>
  <body class="calibre">
<div class="calibre1">
<p id="filepos762194" class="calibre16"><span class="calibre17"><span class="bold"><a href=".html_split_003#filepos11282">forty-seven</a></span></span></p><div class="calibre18"> </div>
<p class="calibre10"><span class="calibre3">“Craig, are you okay?” Mom asks. I jolt up and I have a momentary seizure that it was all a dream, all of it—the whole Sixth North bit—but then I wonder, where would the dream start? If it were a nightmare, it would have to have started somewhere before I got bad; it would be like a yearlong dream. You don’t have those. And if it were a good dream, that would mean I was still back where it started, leaning over my parents’toilet or lying in bed listening to my heart. I didn’t need that.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah! I’m—whoa.” I sit up. They’re all there— Dad, Mom, Sarah.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Are you forcing yourself to sleep?” Mom asks. “Are you depressed?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Are you on drugs?” Sarah asks. “Can you hear me?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I was taking a nap! Jeez!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Oh, okay. It’s six o’clock.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Wow, I was asleep for a while. I was drawing my brain maps for people.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Oh, boy,” says Dad. “This doesn’t sound good.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What are brain maps?” Sarah asks.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“That’s his art,” says Mom. “This is why he wants to change schools. Making this art makes you happy, right Craig?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah, wanna see?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Absolutely.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I take the stack from beside me and pass it around. This is really what I was creating the stack for, I think; to show my parents.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Some of the best were the ones I just did, for the patients.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Very original,” Dad says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I like this one,” says Sarah, pointing at the pig with quasi-St. Louis inside him.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You put a lot of time into these, I see,” Mom says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Right, that’s the thing: they don’t actually take me much time,” I explain. “I’m starting to get a little bored of them, actually; I want to move to something else.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“So how are you feeling, Craig?” Dad puts the stack back on the floor.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You <span class="italic">look</span> a lot better,” Mom says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I do?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah,” Sarah says. “You don’t look all freaky as much.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I used to look <span class="italic">freaky?</span>”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“She doesn’t mean <span class="italic">freaky,’”</span> Mom tells us both. “She just means that when you were down, you looked a little under the weather. Isn’t that right, Sarah?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No, he looked freaky.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“A flat affect, that’s what the doctors call it.” I smile.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Right, well you don’t have that as much anymore,” Sarah says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“So you want to quit school?” Dad brings us back to the real-deal stuff.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I don’t want to <span class="italic">quit.”</span> I turn to him. “I want to <span class="italic">transfer.”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“But that means quitting the school you’re currently at—”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“He can’t handle the other school!” Sarah says. “Look at—”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Hold on a second. I can talk,” I say. “Guys.” I look at all three of them in turn. “One thing that they do in here is give you a lot of time to think. I can’t explain it; once you come in, time just slows down—”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Well, you don’t have any interruptions, that’s probably it—”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Also I think the clocks are a little off—”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I wave my hand. “Point is, you have time to think about how you got here. Because obviously, nobody wants to come back. I don’t want come back—”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Good. Me neither,” says Dad. “What I said last time, about actually wanting to be here; that was a joke.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Right. Hey, did you bring the movie?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Of course. I can watch some of it with you, right?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Absolutely. So anyway, I’ve been thinking about when things started getting bad for me. I realized: it started after I got into high school.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Uh-huh,” Mom says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“That was the happiest moment of my life. The happiest day. And from there on it was all downhill.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Right, this happens to a lot of adults,” Dad says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Will you stop interrupting him?” Sarah interrupts. Dad folds his hands behind him and straightens his back.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It’s okay, Sarah. I just… I think I was concentrated on getting into Executive Pre-Professional because it was like, a challenge. I wanted to have that feeling of triumph. I never really thought about the fact that I’d have to, you know, <span class="italic">go</span> to the school.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“So you want to do art,” Mom says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Well, let’s consider. I never really liked math. I was good at it, but only because I liked having basic information in front of me to get through, to reach that feeling of accomplishment. I never really liked English. This"—I point at the brain maps—"this is something different. This is something I <span class="italic">love.</span> So I’d better do it.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You’d better love it,” Dad says. “Because it’s a hard life. It’s mostly the artists who end up in places like this.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Well, then he has to be an artist; that’s where he is!” Sarah says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Heh. It’s pretty simple.” I stand up. “Take a look around. I tried to go to the best high school in the city. And this is where I ended up.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“True.” Mom looks behind her. Solomon rushes across our field of view.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“If I don’t make some kind of big change, I’m going to come out of here wondering how anything is different from before, and I’m going to end up right back here.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Right,” says Mom. “I’m with you, Craig.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What art school are you going to go to?” Dad asks.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Manhattan Arts Academy? It’s easy to transfer to with my grades—”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Oh, but Craig, that’s the school for kids who are all screwed up,” Dad says.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I look at him. “Yeah? Dad?” I raise my wrist, show him the bracelets. I have pride in them now. They’re true, and people can’t screw with them. And when you say the truth you get stronger.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Dad stands still for a minute, looks down at his feet, and then looks up.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Okay,” he says. “We’ll do whatever we have to do. You have to stay in school until you transfer, though. That’s going to be . . . until the end of the year at least, I think.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’ll handle it,” I say.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I know you will. We’ll help.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Dinner, get ready for dinner!” President Armelio walks toward us. “Craig and his family, dinner is almost here!”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“How’ve you been eating?” Mom asks as I stretch my legs.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I have been. That’s good.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It’s wonderful, Craig.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Okay, so I’m leaving the DVD here with you.” Dad hands it to me. “And I’m going to be back to watch it when you’re done with dinner. When will that be?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Seven is good. But visiting hours end at eight. You won’t get to watch the whole thing.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“We’ll see how long I can stay. You might be surprised.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I swallow. I actually don’t want him sticking around that long. I’ll make sure Smitty gets him out.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’ll see you tomorrow,” Mom says. “The staff tells us we’re picking you up early in the morning, before I go to work.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’ll be ready.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“We’ve got lots of good food at home.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’ll see you when I come home from school.” Sarah hugs my waist. “I’m so happy you’re back.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I pat her head. “Are you embarrassed by this place?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah, but whatever.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I am too,” I say. “It’s just a good type of embarrassment.”</span></p>
</div>  <div class="mbppagebreak" id="calibre_pb_59"></div></body></html>
