<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>It&amp;#8217;s Kind of a Funny Story</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
<link href="page_styles.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/>
</head>
  <body class="calibre">
<div class="calibre1">
<p id="filepos419133" class="calibre16"><span class="calibre17"><span class="bold"><a href=".html_split_003#filepos7307">twenty-five</a></span></span></p><div class="calibre18"> </div>
<p class="calibre10"><span class="calibre3">I’m afraid of making phone calls. The phone on Six North is a hubbub of activity, with Bobby and the blond burned-out-type, who I learn is named Johnny, fielding calls from, I assume, their respective female counterparts. Bobby starts off his calls happy and says “Baby” a lot, but then he gets angry and slams the phone down saying “bitch"; Smitty tells him not to do that; Bobby walks away leaning back with a particularly potent aura of not caring. Five minutes later, another call comes in for him, and he’s back to “Baby.” He doesn’t ever answer the phone, though; President Armelio has that job. When he answers, he always says “Joe’s Pub,” and then finds whoever the call’s for.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">In a rare moment when Johnny and Bobby leave the phone open, I walk up to it with the phone card that Mom brought me twenty minutes after she left with Dad and Sarah. I pick up and hear the dial tone, dial the 800 number for the phone card . . . and then stop. I can’t do it. I just don’t want to deal with it.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">People on the outside world don’t know what’s happened to me—I’m in a sort of stasis right now. Things are under control. But the dam will break. Even if I’m here just through Monday, the rumors will start flying, and the homework will pile up.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">Where’s Craig?</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">He’s sick.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">He’s not sick, he got alcohol poisoning because he can’t handle real liquor.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">I heard he took someone’s pills and freaked out.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">I heard he realized he’s gay and he’s coming to grips with it.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">I heard his parents are sending him to a different school.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">He couldn’t handle it here, anyway. He was always such a loser.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">He’s freaking out in front of his computer. He can’t move or anything. He’s catatonic.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">He woke up and thinks he’s a horse.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">Well, whatever, what’s question three?</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">There were two messages on my phone when I came in, and now there are probably more, each one necessitating a call back, and the call back possibly necessitating another call back—Tentacles— leading me right back to where I was last night. I can’t go there, so I wait. I can wait five minutes. But then Bobby’s on the line. And then I wait another five minutes. And the messages are piling up. And this isn’t even counting e-mail. What sort of hellish assignments have my teachers e-mailed out?</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Excuse me, are you using the phone?” the giant black woman with the cane asks as I stare at it.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah, uh.” I pick up the receiver in my hands. “Yes. Yes I am.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Okay.” She smiles, rolling her gums, not showing teeth. I start dialing, enter my PIN, enter my own number.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">“Please enter your password, then press the pound sign.”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I obey.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">“You have</span>—<span class="italic">three</span>—<span class="italic">new messages.</span> “</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">One more than before. Not so bad.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">“First new message: message marked urgent.”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Uh-oh.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Hey, Craig, it’s Nia, I just, um … we talked and you were sounding really bad. I just wanted to make sure you were doing all right, and since you’re not answering—it’s like two A.M., I mean, why would you be answering?—but I’m kinda worried that maybe you went and did something stupid because of me. Don’t. I mean, it’s sweet, but don’t. Okay, that’s it, I’m with Aaron, he’s being a total dick. Bye.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">“To erase this message</span>—”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I hit 7.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">“Next message.”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Craig, it’s Aaron, call me back son! Let’s chill—”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I hit 7-7.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">“Next message.”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Hello, Mr. Gilner, this is your science teacher, Mr. Reynolds. I got your phone number from the student directory. We really need to talk about the lack of your labs; I’m missing five of them—”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">7-7.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">“End of messages. “</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I put the phone down like it’s a dangerous animal. I pick back up, call home. Can’t stop now.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Sarah, can you get the phone numbers of Nia and Aaron out of my cell? And look through the recent missed calls for something from Manhattan; I have to call my science teacher.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Sure. How are things over there?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I look to my left. A Hasidic Jewish guy, complete with the white pants, yarmulke, tassels hanging off him, braided hair, and sandals, dashes down the hall toward me. Scraps of red food dot his dark beard, and his eyes are wild and unhinged. He says to me: “I’m Solomon.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Um, I’ve heard about you. I’m Craig, but I’m on the phone.” I cup the receiver.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I would ask you to please keep it down! I’m trying to rest!” He turns and races away, holding his pants.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Oooh! Solomon <span class="italic">introduced</span> himself to you!” hoots the woman with the cane. “That’s big.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“It’s normal,” I tell my sister.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Okay, here.” She gives me Nia’s and Aaron’s and the teacher’s numbers; I write them down on a scrap of paper that Smitty has given me. I should’ve known these before. Nia’s looks good written down—wholesome and useful. The science teacher’s looks jagged and hateful. I may not be able to call him until tomorrow.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Thanks, Sarah—bye.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I hang up and look toward the lady with the cane.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Hey, I’m Craig,” I say.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Ebony.” She nods. We shake hands.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Ebony, it’s cool if I just make one more call?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Of course.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I dial the 800 number, enter my PIN, dial Nia.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Hello?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Hey, Nia, it’s me.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Craig, where are you?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">It’s funny how people ask that as soon as they get you on the phone. I think it’s a byproduct of cell phones: people—girls and moms especially— want to nail you down in physical space. The fact is that you could be anywhere on a cell phone and it shouldn’t be important where you are. But it becomes the first thing people ask.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m at a friend’s house. In Brooklyn.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I wonder, too, how many <span class="italic">lies</span> cell phones have contributed to the world.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Uh-huh, Craig. I don’t think so.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“What do you mean?” I wipe sweat off my brow. The sweat is starting again. This isn’t good. I was sweating down in the ER, but I wasn’t sweating at lunch.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You’re not at any friend’s house. You’re probably at some girl’s house.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I look at Ebony. She smiles and leans forward on her cane. “Yeah, totally.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I know you. Last night you had me on the phone; tonight you’re out hooking up with some girl.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Sure, Nia—”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Seriously, how <span class="italic">are</span> you? Thanks for calling back. I was worried.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I know, I got your message.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I don’t want you to freak out over <span class="italic">me.</span> I think you just need some time to decompress a little bit, and <span class="italic">not</span> think about me, and think about someone else. Because, like, I know we might be good for each other, but I’m with someone else, you know?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Right… um … I <span class="italic">wasn’t</span> freaking out about you last night, actually.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No, I was freaking out about, like, much bigger things. I was having kind of a crisis, and I wanted to reach out to somebody who understood.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“But you asked me if we would ever have been able to be together.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Well, I was trying to clear that up because, y’know … I wanted to do something stupid.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">She drops her voice: “Kill yourself?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You wanted to kill yourself over me?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No!” I scowl. “I was just in a really bad place, and you were part of it, obviously, because you’re a part of my life, just like Aaron is a part of it and my family is a part of it, but I thought you could clear something up for me before I…”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Craig, I’m so flattered.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No, you have the wrong idea. Don’t be flattered.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“How could I not be? I never had a boy want to kill himself for me before. It’s like the most romantic thing.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Nia, <span class="italic">it wasn’t about you.”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Are you sure?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I look down, and the answer is right there in my chest and it’s resounding. <span class="italic">“Yes. I have bigger problems than you.”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Ah, okay.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“And you shouldn’t assume that everything is always about you.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Whatever. What’s wrong with you?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Nothing. Everything’s a lot better now, actually.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“You’re acting like a total dick. Do you want to come out tonight?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I can’t.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Did Aaron call you? We’re having a big party at his house.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Right. I’m probably not going to be partying for . . . like … a <span class="italic">while.</span> Like <span class="italic">ever,</span> maybe.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Is everything okay now?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Yeah, I’m just… I’m figuring some things out.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“At your friend’s house.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Correct.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Are you like in a crack den, or something?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No!” I yell, and just then President Armelio walks up to me: “Hey, buddy, you want to play spades? I’ll <span class="italic">crush you.”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Not now, Armelio.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Who’s that?” Nia asks.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Leave him alone, he’s talking with his <span class="italic">girlfriend</span>.” Ebony taps Armelio with her cane.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“She’s not my girlfriend,” I whisper at her.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Who’s <span class="italic">that?”</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“My friend Armelio.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“No, the girl.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“My friend Ebony.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Where <span class="italic">are</span> you, Craig?”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I gotta go.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“All right.. .” Nia trails her voice off. “I’m glad you’re doing .. . uh . .. better.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I’m doing a lot better,” I say.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3"><span class="italic">She’s done,</span> I think. <span class="italic">She’s done, and you’re done with her.</span></span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“See ya, Craig.”</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I hang up.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“I think that’s over,” I say to myself.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Then I decide to announce it to the hall: “I think that that’s <span class="italic">over!”</span> Ebony stomps her cane, and Armelio claps.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">Something deep in my guts, below my heart, has made a shift to the left and settled in a more comfortable place. It’s not <span class="italic">the</span> Shift, but it’s <span class="italic">a</span> shift. I picture Nia with her gorgeous face and little body and black hair and pouty lips and Aaron’s hands all over her but also with her pot smoking and the pimples on her forehead and making fun of people all the time and the way she’s always so proud of how she’s dressed. And I picture her fading.</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">I play cards with Armelio in the dining room until Bobby pokes his head in:</span></p>
<p class="calibre19"><span class="calibre3">“Craig? It says on your door Dr. Mahmoud is your doctor? He’s making his rounds.”</span></p>
</div>  <div class="mbppagebreak" id="calibre_pb_33"></div></body></html>
